We in the streets playa, getcha mail. It's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail. Still nowhere to gostill nowhere to go. Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes. Everybody, fuck that. Still nowhere to gosill nowhere to go. Two words, United States, no love, no brakes. Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks. Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules. Presidential scandals, everybody MOVE. Two words, Mos Def, K West, hot shit. Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this. Game pump, lock shit, gun pump, cock shit. We won't stop shit, everybody MOVE. Two words, BK, NY, Bed-Stuy. Too harsh, too hungry, too many, that's why. These streets know game, can't ball, don't play. Heavy traffic, one lane, everybody MOVE. Two words, Mos Def, black check, hot shit. Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this. Game pa on lock, gun pump cocked. We won't stop, everybody MOVE. Aiyyo, two words, Chi town, South side, world wide. Cuz I, rep that, till I, fuckin die. One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats. One wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "Gimme that". I am limelight, Blueprint,  Mics. Go get his rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice. Most imitated, Grammy nominated. Hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated. Barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it. Felt like it rained till the roof caved in. Two words, Chi town, raised me, crazy. So I live by two words, "Fuck you, pay me". Screamin, Jesus save me. You know how the game be. I can't let em change me. Cuz on Judgment Day, you gon blame me. Look God, it's the same me. And I  basically know now . We've been  racially profiled . Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down . Plus I got a whole city to hold down . From the bottom to the tops. The only place to go down. Two words, Freeway, two letters, A-R. Turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners. Like Jackie Jurner, you better sleep with your burner. The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car. My God, two words, no guns, break arms. Break necks, break backs, Steven Segal. Free young Boss, freshmen of the Roc. If the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs. the broads, forget ya squad, betta fend for yourself. Have you screamin out four words "Send for the Law" uh. Two words, Freeway's slightly retarded. Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad. . Tell me how you feel 'bout a nigga coming thru on a am flex shawty. We done came down off a mission now its time for the am flex shawty. Leaving round , did the mission round , you the am flex shawty. I'm on my way right now, on the am flex yeah. You don't like flaw bitches, I don't like hoe niggas. We on some same shit. I hit that smoke with ya, I pour that  with ya. You on the low, well yeah I'm on the low with ya. Pick up and go get you. I might just trust you enough to leave all my drugs and leave all of my dough with you. I leave it all around am. I just hit you up for the am Flex now. Riding down the west end shawty and bouta make a left right now. She live in Driftwood. All of her famo from Shore. She know the read if the lick good. Shawty gon stick to the program. I never don't have no ways. That's why you know that I work. She so official that she'll get the pot and she'll throw her own four in the mix. Pull up to the function on fours, like a nigga had two plus two on the whip. I'ma keep it real with your friends. I need you plus you plus you, I'm a deal shawty. All up for the am flex, cuz the am ain't really go good on the real shawty. am flex, and I'm watching for the cops and I put that on the hood, shawty. Come on my nigga, shut up my nigga you gon wake this nigga up. Ayo my nigga, I'm trying. Shit, my nigga put the shit in the bag, let's go. Let's go. Ay shit, yo yo yo yo yo yo, I think this nigga waking up. Oh fuck oh shit. Ayo who the fuck is that in my house. Shit, go out the front door, go out the front door. Let's go, run to the car, run to the car, run to the car. Me and the homie pull off the corner inside of a old Honda Accord. The feeling feel like a torture. The nigga we just robbed just popped one in his shoulder. And led to me pulling over, to checking and telling him dawg. Just take the passenger seat and I hit the road. Cuz there's way too many police out here to feel like we low. My back windshield broke and the driver seat soak. From the blood that was previously leaking from his coat. We switch sides while I put this shit to drive. A  some odd miles, shiftin the gear to . Hopin' that the - pigs don't see the ride. Cuz normally I ain't scared, but tonight there's fear in my eyes. My phone blingin' cuz my girl at home clingin'. And unaware of the problem this night on the road bringin'. Then I pick up the phone and tell her I'm speedin' home. As soon as I drop my dawg at the emergence room. . I asked him he wanted me to hustle up his bail but he said no. He just didn't give a damn anymore. POLICE POLICE  SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE.  DOWN ON THE GROUND. Six in the mornin police at my door. Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at . Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door . They would say bling bling if my jewels could talk. So you can still see me shinin when the room get dark. I'm like Tony Danza I'll show you +Who's The Boss+. Teach my worker who's the fiends and who's the narcs. It's alot of niggas out tryin to prove they hard. 'Til you hit they cousin up and make them move they aunt. Yo, I would wild out and let the rueg' just spark. But you know how the hood be when someone screwed your start. All the basketball tournaments was cool to watch. Bet your money, lose a little or lose alot. They beat us by one point yeah them dudes was sharp. But I'm a sore loser so I had to shoot up the park. I wouldn't have robbed your man if the fool was smart. But a fool and his money will soon depart. Then I went to my crib went to sleep 'bout four. When I woke up, police was at my door, damn. POLICE POLICE  SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE.  DOWN ON THE GROUND. Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at . Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door . Just aired the dice game out that's the truth babe. 'Bout to hit the crib take a shower watch a bootleg. Glad nothin popped off, gotta get the bag out of the crib. Goose dropped off so it can get knocked off. Uh Then I got a sharp pain in my chest. But knowin I ain't 'posed to have it in the place I rest. Yes But it's a half a joint in there. Two  cals with the hollow points in there. Few bricks of diesel couple pounds of purple. Gallon of the water plus a thousand circles. A man hit me sayin that he be here in a minute. All I got to do is wrap it and bring it down to the rented. By now it's a little past five. And I'm still tryin to roll could barely open my eyes. Next thing I know she givin me a massage. Instead of wakin up rich I woke up to a surprise. POLICE POLICE  SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE.  DOWN ON THE GROUND. Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at . Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door . It goes six in the mornin police at my door . At five in the mornin I was up in this broad . At four in the mornin we was at the club door . A few hours before that I was gettin fresh in the store . Now a week before that I was at the car lot . Thinkin convertible so I could make the broad drop . A half a million cash off a three month run . Them rubber band stacks and ten g lump sums . Police was on our back 'cause we dumped guns . So when Byrd Gang's outside mu'fucker just run . We just dumb  Like the hyphy life . I told you life was a bitch not the wifey type . And we got the white bricks if the price is right . Catch you standin on the strip in the icy white . Season of heirs, we in the V switchin gears. Droppin the top blowin weed in the air . She's showin her assandnext thing I know I got a detective in my face . All askin me all type of questions I don't know shit but get my lawyer. POLICE POLICE  SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE.  DOWN ON THE GROUND. Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at . Six in the mornin police at my door . Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door. POLICE POLICE  SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE.  DOWN ON THE GROUND. . It's about  got a call from Weezie West. Timbaland you have a check on my desk. You must pick it up by . Or you'll have to pick it up by . Wait a minute I got a meeting at . I can't pick it up by -ish. Therefore I must pick wait until tomorrow. Go to my man and ask if I can borrow.  or  chips. If I get them then I dip. Now it's about . Got a page from my girl Misdemean. Timbaland I need you to meet me out in Queens. While you on your way don't forgetto bring. My sunglasses and my show-jack. Don't forget da gat and the cigarettes. It's about . Call on my cell it's this fine beauty queen. Timbaland make my body hot, make it steam. Shit, it's . Got another call from another beauty queen. But I can't hit, got to see Misdemean. Here I am out in the middle of Queens. Damn near about . Now I'm leaving Queens about . Hopin I can hit one of my queens. So I hit about . Then I finish at . Tell her to wake me up at . But she wakes me up at . Know what I mean I'm late for weezie.  after da hour, it's kinda cheezie. Early in the morn, . Jump in the tub, rub-a-dub, get clean. Rap the listine I got from Misdemean.  dressed in all green. Dip to the parking lot. Look what I got.  meet Tim at the spot. We can make it hot. Cook it in the pot.  feed the hoe while it's hot.  got to get rubbers. Me and Lisa Lee later on beat lovers.  we like sex in the mist.  was the first time we kissed. Girl your man aint shit and you know it.  is the time I can show it. When I say suck it, it don't mean blow it.  get loot cause you broke it. Girl it aint a blunt, so dont smoke it. Better if you grab it with your hand then you choke it. , aint my day quick?. VCR tape, halloween is the flick. Drinking like a cellar, pass out drunk.  had a dream I was a monk.  after da hour everything seems to go bad you say dag.  after da hour booty calls get lost in the sauce, what's the cost?.  after da hour, 's a bad number know what I mean?.  after da hour, , . Say what?. . I kill the mice crush the clock. Snatch Pandora's box, grab the second wind. Through her chest, ran the S inside her neck. Show 'nuff I be the best. It's me that you need, blowing through your town. At the speed of a sneeze, there's nobody. I rock the party, call me the sure shotty, you don't rock me. I shock thee, Sunz of Man be my body. Like the, verm in your perm, I spread like a germ. I'm your chocolate baby, driving MC's crazy. Watch me execute a classic with no ruckus or no static. Blackness, be the baddest, you had it then I grabbed it. Hit it taking, you better off faking. Come down stop shaking, Makeba steady breaking . Yo, man, gots to cop this. Stay ripping yo, yo, I'm telling you. Yo, when I heard it, man, I'm telling you. It's on, ripping all female MC's. You feeling ya? Listen though, to this right here. Yo, she off the , yo. Here come a clipse, like abyss to bottom myst. I'm in that ass, taking over this craft. Like trees to molass, I'm sticky and move fast. Versace made you tricks, rhyming about outfits. Like a junkie needs a fix, suicide to slip this. Out there throwing fits, and you ask who is this. Running, up through your click like the Chinatown kid. With one life to live, can't forget, but forgive. It's taking me too long to get in to this biz. I'm not playing with kids, I'm raising nations. Yo, see what I'm saying, man, see what I'm saying?. Yo, she dope yo, she got me open, I'm telling you. Her style is so tight. Makeba is the best, number one mic controller. Sun absorber, life holder of a future soldier. Erased from your memories, powers and degrees. The truth knocks you in your face, your mind down in grace. That's just a taste, immortality is where I rest, partial is my crest. Written on my chest, the rhyme innovator. Sticks and stones I break ya, here's a lesson. Before dying, send that ass home crying. Test me if I'm lying. Yo, you hear that? Yo is the bomb. What's wrong with yall, yo, seriously. She wrecking all things that's coming out, yo. She is real real real raw, straight snatching it. Son, I'm telling you, it's over. . Last night I had a dream. Thoughts was racin through my head . Felt so real to me. This is what was said. Had a dream I said, bout who he said?. Bout BIG I said, that's big he said. Dig what he said, proceed he said. Indeed I said, so - breathe I did. Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothin. He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this. What I believe to be a yes I re-peated what was said. It came to me like a  well last evenin I said. "You feel playboy," was the greeting he said. First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead?. "More money, more problems, better believe it," he said. "Careful what you wish for you might receive it," he said. I see I said, jealousy I said. Got the whole industry mad at me I said. Then BI said, "Hov' remind yourself. nobody built like you, you designed yourself". I agree I said, my one of a kind self. Get stoned every day like Jesus did. What he said, I said, has been said before. "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more. Was it all a dream - tell me. Was it all a dream, was it a dream. Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam. I gotta know {"It was all a dream"}. Was it all a dream - was it a dream. Was it all a dream, a dream. Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam. It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine. Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine. Hangin pictures on my wall. Every Saturday, "Rap Attack," Mr Magic, Marley Marl . I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped. Smokin weed and bamboo, sippin on private stock . Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack. with the hat to match . Remember Rappin' Duke? "Duh-ha, duh-ha". You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far. Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight. Time to get paid, blow up like the {"World Trade"}. Born sinner, the opposite of a winner. Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner. Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri. Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky. I'm blowin up like you thought I would. Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good. Uhh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga. I see I said, jealousy I said. Got the whole industry mad at me I said. Then BI said, "Hov' remind yourself. nobody built like you, you designed yourself". I agree I said, my one of a kind self. Get stoned every day like Jesus did. What he said, I said, has been said before. "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more. . Fast wine, slow wine . We behaving bad. We behaving bad. Fast wine, slow wine . Yo When I was young and my dad had a reefer house. I'd catch a contact and talk like Eek-A-Mouse. Go to school, act like I'm pulling reefer out. Kinda funny cause I used to freak my teachers out. Like "dong dong diddy dong dong", seen?. So much mi go teach ya bout. Peace to the one Black Chiney and the heaters out. In the club, everybody on Sinatra. Look around, everybody on Sinatra. I ain't talking bout this shit they call Coke & vodka. I'm talking bout this shit you snort and go "ha ha ha ha ha ha ha". I mean just go bonkers. Make the young girls wild, and then go topless. Make the dope boy smile, they don't need binoculars. Make a nigga wanna pull out choppas. Brrap brrap brrap they got ya. Ring, bom bom bom bom. Aerosol can, bom bom bom bom. Monkey outside, bom bom bom bom. Shooting all night, bom bom bom bom. Bom to the bom to the clang clang clang. Banging on that ass like orangutan. Motherfucker transform to a grown man. And transform again like. . Skateboard, can a nigga make more?. Steal my style? I ain't got no reward. Like hmm, make yoself bigger like mushroom. Mario Kart. All y'all niggas wanna get like me. All y'all niggas wanna spit like P. Missin' ass niggas wanna hit like me. Meanwhile yo bitches wanna kiss my D. Child Rebel Soldier, hit that ass for the combo. AK- and the dress on a rhino, boom. Commodore like Lionel, zoom. Hauling that ass like a new Veyron. Am I wrong?. Riding with my bitch mane, all night long. One second I'm here, next second I'm gone. That's  in  seconds, nigga, what you want?. Girls on me like they superglued on. My dick like a table you can place food on. Make Szechuan, or Hunan. Nigga, I'm hot like the place Mulan. Nigga, I'm hot like the place Tucson. BBC, Ice Cream skewed on. No discounts, no coupons. But I got the Rolls Royce for the grey poupon. Now you jealous, wit yo face screwed on. Who on? Nigga, you on?. Feeble ass niggas only get booed on. Shitty attitude get pissed and poo'ed on. Fucking with P? You wrong. Retreat, nigga, you don't wanna feud on. Your nerves ain't there for a big dude on. Stompin' that ass until you gone. Hoping that you make it home wit yo shoes on. While I'm touring these booties, scoring these movies. I know that I made it when I'm chilling wit Stewie. Ask Marc Jacobs what I did for Louis. Sunglasses, campaign and jewelry. Ask Alber how he really wanna use me. Comme Des Garon, ain't using it loosely. Look at yo forehead, sweating profusely. Fast wine, slow wine  [x]. . BK to UK  UK to BK. "I bust this"   Second Assassin. Every time we hit the track we hit it like . Every time we flow we flow like . Every time we smoke we smoke like . Every time the  Every time the . "I bust this"   Second Assassin. Yo, you can press me like the government.  Sec, get my sex on before the next song. I like you, going hype for you, we invite you. Adrift from Earth, now a landed Mooncycle. Here's space boost, use a solar Coins for loot. There's a city on the Moon that still play rap tunes. Sell poon on the internet, no more WIC check. The re-up outside the drug store, the entrepenuers. Everything is legal now except the hip hop sound. Twenty g's a ticket, it's my supplies, missed it?. Came with dead-ass swords to the galaxian wars. Space shuttle, one accord, back to Earth before I'm bored. Before I go, you move, black thought leave you curious. People in the future took the math dead serious. You may rain like an eagle, I come down like a dove. Snatch ya soul like a raven then bring it back to love. Never called that bitch cuz I remain righteous. Let off steam through my windpipe to seize 'em plus I still write. Like with the Coins in the lunar eclipse. Took a ride on the starship, then we flip. Saw MC's in the Milky Way taking a bath. Jump aboard the Sunship, still doing the math. Keep Coins by my side, cuz United my Kingdom. Revolution is over and acknowledge my freedom. The new holy renegade, my lyrics cut like old blades. Riding on shooting stars, politicking with the Gods. The holy land to the stars, vacations on Mars. The battle has been won, from the Moon to the Sun. Watching ya ways and actions, ya terror and error. Suffering in failure, cease in being clever. Other sessions got drama, bringing their weapons. I know this condition, run up for his manhood, a deadman tradition. Got ears and don't listen, too much exagerrating. Deep thoughts like a convict, escaping. Things on my tongue erasing, watch who ya facing. Hold ya grudge I won't budge . Actually I feel for you cousin, I mean that, one love. I take my place of scheme, I'm talking to all these thugs. Salute, come to shoot, oops, my narrow arrow shoots. Bullseye, bye bye to the dirty heater. The Holy Smokes'll seize that and leave it depleted. "I bust this" ->  Second Assassin. On the , Spanky Splash . Armel, the Ill Fanatic . Holy Smokes, yeah, Snuggle-Up, Coins, Mooncycle . {To the Sun, Father Lord, D Kruger} . {And to my Family that's Royal, here's a Rose} . {See you at noon, BK, peace} . Yo, yo, yo, yo . Every time we flow . Every time we flow . COINS  Another manhunt for the cycle. Flipsta, black thought, You'll Move. . 	Ayo, straight up and down on the reel to real, if you. 	drug abusing child abusers don't get your shit. 	right now, your children might grow up like this. He was born in a jail cell, cause his mother was a con. And in his mother's cupped arms was a newborn timebomb. But it wasn't his fault he was in the cageed vault for aggrivated assault. On his eight-year-old sister. As Mr Daddy stood there, instead he should have dissed her. And now mommy's found guilty. Cause she almost beat her daughter to death for spilling a glass of milk, . see. Poppa was a boozer, momma was a drug abuser. They were no-win losers. And now Sonny's gotta struggle. And another day of life to him's another day of trouble. You gotta live this life for you to try and understand. The diary of a hitman. 	The diary of a hitman. Sonny's making money on the norm and you know he's got another job. When you see him with the leather gloves on. He got a look in his eye like he wants to die. Packing the nine double murder near his thigh.  G's a head, whoever you want dead. Will be filled with lead, and be buried in their own red. He don't sleep at night, cause he's just like an owl. On the prowl and his lifestyle's foul. A self-made boss in the ??? of his moms and pops. Is what really ticks him off. A flashback from the past, dad whipping mom's ass. For the cash, after that she hit the stash. And takes a blast of the trash she was ed on. And Sonny felt helpless, as he looked on. You gotta live this life for you to try and understand. The diary of a hitman. 	The diary of a hitman. Sonny got a call from the mob. It was , grand for my man to do a quick job. The contract was plain and simple. One in the mouth for talking, then two to the temple. The address looked kinda funny. But Sonny didn't care who was there, cause he was in it for the money. He made his way to the crime spot, the victim. With nothing on his mind at the time but to get him. He arrived at  o'clock and didn't even knock. He just shot off the lock. And he kicked the door open. Destined to smoke him, nope, Sonny wasn't joking. He made his way up the stairs, and there's. Mommy in tears, and daddy in fears. But he didn't give a damn cause he never had a fam. So now it's time to silence the lamb. Momma took the first three, so now she's living drug free. Cause she's put out of misery. And Daddy's on his knees yelling "Please Sonny please". But Sonny squeezed. You had to live this life for you to try and understand. The diary of a hitman. 	The diary of a hitman. . Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot . Straight out the big apple, it's Papoose and the Mobb. The "Apple" is nothin without me like Steve Jobs. At the dice game keep a mag on me. Why would I let another man ask bet me?. I'm the best like Khaled, I bang if I should. A nigga gotta pay me if he throw a Ace in my Hood. So the drug dealers wet work, beat all the pushers. When you was still in your mom's crib eatin your boogers. I live the fast life that's why I stay in a hurry. Papoose be killin the mic like Dr Murray. King of New York cop the caliber. My rap's off the wall like a  calendar. Why everybody out of character?. They all mad at me I got 'em pissed, like a catheter. Champion I'm not your challenger. Stop amateurs like the sandman, Banks how we handle 'em?. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. I'm a carry the problem fixer I wanna argue wit' ya. One man arm militia nigga you a target misser. The wrath of God will hit ya, with a horror picture. Call this rap takeout, you know Mobb deliver. Too hard for the hardest nigga they fold like cardboard. Handle that now nigga ain't no encores. Cannon little heavy so it leave the arm sore. Y'all want war gave you what you starve for. All my shooters buy products of the worst recession . Aim for the dome and laugh when they purchase vests'. 'Cause that shit right there it is irrelevant. When niggas walk around here with shit to kill a elephant. So your next move better be your best move. Like a chess move or get your chest moved. 'Cause when we come through you better have your guns too. 'Cause all we do is  All we do is   . Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Back from hell, sorry I left you . Without no hard shit to step to. The drought is done, it's rain season. You can't stop my storm, you can't slow up my flow up nah . It's gonna pour, cats and dogs. Thunder and lightnin bolts knock the lights off. When I black out, make you miss me . Like, nigga where you been at? Word. 'Bout tired of the soft shit, it gets borin. They look like punks or act like a woman. You need danger a little aggression . You need excitement I put a little pressure. Just to, balance things out, we not the same. Some niggas is live, some niggas is lame. Some is real or some is fake . You draw the line in the sand which side you claim?. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Papoose aim shoot, Papoose aim shoot. Yayo got the whopper it spit longer than Papoose. Longer than Pap, longer-longer than Pap {Gunshot}. . A nigga ready from the get go. Y'all hear my shit go, it's Andre Can yo punk ass come out to play?. Stay in your little hole, then coward duck your head. You don't know who you be fuckin with youse better offdead. Is what I say, best run the other way. In case of physical breakdowny'all can break now. My kitchen full of heat, if you can't take the temp. Make yourself exempt. Pussy footin around don't be gettin y'all nowhere but stuck. Nowhere to duck, pull his file, niggaz die. By gettin blasted, how drastic. They got the nerve to ask me why I do the things I do. I got the nerve to serve you up just like a waiter do, but naw . I take that back, that's my problem. Turnin and walkin away, this ain't gon work when they be robbin. As long as Big Boi's still livin, never standin by my lonesome. Step up nigga, if you want some. . Ain't no thang but a chicken wang. We havin a smoke out in the Dungeon with the Mary Jane. It's just a pimps, Mack daddies. It's all about that ses in yo chest. Well nigga, you softer than silicone, used to pump up tits. It's that nigga down in the Dungeon with them playeristic hits. I'm quick to stop a sucka flow like menopause, it's the. Original ghetto bastard, so now I makes a switch. I used to sell dope, but in . I'm makin Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik. But see these voices in my skull has got me reminiscin. About the days back when me mammy had to work in kitchens. She had me makin better grades to make a better life. But I never had no love or respect, cuz we gon be alright. I ran the streets and broke my curfew cuz I gave a shit. I carried guns and butcher knives cuz I was steadily in the mix, yeah. It was so hard to say goodbye, I'm a man now. I'm at the end of my street, so it's time to take my stand now . I call the wild because it's time to take the streets. So if you ain't got the vertebrae, ya big enough nuts, retreat. I'm ready to wet 'em up like cereal. Just an international playa, comin through your stereo. . -- to your fo'head, there'll be mo' dead. cause I'ma pro, kid. But Lord forgive me, I gots to keep my Milli right Vi-near me. My nine be doin fine until these niggaz wants to clear me off my street. But in my hood hood, they hollerin ghetto. Don't got no neighbors, they hit the pipe and never let go. But I feel for them like Chaka Khan feel for you. Ain't shit that we can do but rest in peace, pour a brew . On the concrete, remember when we ran deep. Remember at the party when we served them niggaz dandy. They know not to test us, test me, do me, try me. Trippin with that drama, my Beretta's right beside me. One is in the air and one is the chamber. Y'all ask me what the fuck I'm doin, I'm releasin anger. Quick to dodge danger, I'm takin it one day. At a time, I got the fattest dimes around my way. You can sway with Andre, I'll take it to the Ho-Jo, bitch. Just let you know, yeah. . It's on my friend, on the road again, I'm travelin. No more than  on  off in my Cadillac. I got that nigga Dre, he ridin shotgun. And got my pump under my seat, . in case these yougstas wanna have some fun. I'd do it if I have to, . bustin caps with this a heat and load it clip up after clip. I'm packin my gauge, if I feel it. The glock, the gat, the nine, the heaters. See I be bustin caps like my amp be bustin speakers. So how do you figure that Big Boi be scared to blast ya. You 'posed to be quickest draw, but man, I hail 'em faster. --, you need to think about the future. Before I shoot your ass and dilute your blood with lead. From my hollow tips, I'll send you to an early grave. You fuckin slave, you better try another way. To take me out, is truly something difficult. Don't even run up on me, unless you want your brain broke. I'm out of bullets lettin loose my last clip. I'ma kick you in your ass and your nigga gettin pistol whipped. You know that's how I do, you know that's how I do. . Yeah and it don't stop and it don't quit, to the motherfuckin. Organized Noize, PA, Goodie Mob, Big Gipp and all the niggaz. Around the East Pointe way. College Park is really on the map. We comin around Atlanta and the niggaz are really strapped. With the muthafuckin guns and the motherfuckin glocks. Steady is the gas nigga, don't fear it and it don't stop. . She look better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys, Halle Berry, Miss Jolie. Where's she from? No ID, that girl's an alien. And if I die before I wake, I pray that I'm in outer space. U-F-O fly away. So let's go-go-go-go, let's go-go-go-go. Let's go-go-go-go, let's go, let's go. Uh, she got me going, I'm all in. Fifty stories, I'm falling. Where you been? Is it planet Mars?. Far beyond the stars? Are you a Martian?. You're unfamiliar, but still I feel ya. Energy is sending me toward the ceiling. I'm high now, are you up there?. If you was, I would climb every other stair. I gotta stare, I mean wow. and I'm wowed, no one compares. A one-on-one, you must have won. every pageant in America when you was young. Lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy. Body frame crazy, insane, crazy. The only girl that can make time, then make me stop. Uh, so now we on, so now we gone. Living in the city of the unknown. I show her off, I stunt with her. We do it sweet, they look bitter. Look at her get up, I hear 'em say. But why him? I hear 'em hate. I laugh at it, rather than jab at it. Then continue eternal life as a crack addict. cause I'm addicted, and you the drug. Cold turkey? No sir. Gotta be an odyssey from Heaven way above. You definite, not probably, I gotta give it up. Lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy. Body frame crazy, insane, crazy. The only girl that can make time, then make me stop. You something different. I'm glad I found you. So pretty. I'll never do anything to hurt you. . Oh when it all, it all falls down. I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down. Man I promise, she's so self conscious. She has no idea what she's doing in college. That major that she majored in don't make no money. But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny. Now, tell me that ain't insecurrre. The concept of school seems so securrre. Sophmore three yearrrs aint picked a careerrr. She like fuck it, I'll just stay down herre and do hair. Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs. Cause her baby daddy don't really care. She's so precious with the peer pressure. Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus [a Lexus]. She had hair so long that it looked like weave. Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve. And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe. Single black female addicted to retail and well. Man I promise, I'm so self conscious. That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches. Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy. I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace. Then I spent  bucks on this. Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this. And I can't even go to the grocery store. Without some ones thats clean and a shirt with a team. It seems we living the american dream. But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem. The prettiest people do the ugliest things. For the road to riches and diamond rings. We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us. We trying to buy back our  acres. And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop. Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe. I say fuck the police, thats how I treat em. We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom. We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em. Things we buy to cover up what's inside. Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth. That's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?". Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack. And a white man get paid off of all of that. But I ain't even gon act holier than thou. Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with  thou. Before I had a house and I'd do it again. Cause I wanna be on  and Park pushing a Benz. I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific. I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific. I got a problem with spending before I get it. We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it. . Out of all the damn girls in the world, I done ended up with you. I'm talkin' all the bad bitches in the world and I ended up with you. Now I ain't still dwellin' on them girls, but I know that it's true. I could have been far along with someone else than you. Uh, and I wish there was a cure for this. But there don't seem to be no sort of medication. Even though we signed up for this. Oh I know it's gotta be a better way. We supposed to be. Lovin' but we fightin' over shit we shouldn't be. And I got a lot of girls that I could see. But you don't see. Out of all the damn girls in the world, I done ended up with you. I'm talkin' all the bad bitches in the world and I ended up with you. Now I ain't still dwellin' on them girls, but I know that it's true. I could have been far along with someone else than you. So I wanna love tonight, woah. I wanna trust tonight, woah. I wanna care tonight, woah. You ain't made love this good in a long time. So I wanna love tonight. I wanna trust tonight. I wanna care tonight. You ain't made love this good in a long time. I wanna love. Yeah a nigga know a lot about it, yeah, a lot about it. Yeah I had to take some time from it, yeah, I thought about it. Yeah, though I know you're wrong for the shit you did. I don't want you to get this wrong, you know you can always get this right. I been on a mission, dodgin' hoes and duckin' bitches. I ain't worried 'bout no fuckin' I know that shit come with ditchin' man. I been on the road, waitin' for some hoes. To come through to the condo, way up in Toronto. Let's get it poppin' and shit could stop. I know I fucked up with them hoes, that shit was nothin'. So when I'm callin' up your phone that late at night. You know a nigga wouldn't say it unless I say it right. So I wanna love tonight, woah. I wanna trust tonight, woah. I wanna care tonight, woah. You ain't made love this good in a long time. So I wanna love tonight. I wanna trust tonight. I wanna care tonight. You ain't made love this good in a long time. I wanna love. Woah, woah, oh, woah. Woah, woah, oh, woah. Woah, woah, oh, woah. Woah, woah, oh, woah. Woah, woah, oh, woah. I wanna love tonight. I wanna trust. I wanna care tonight. I wanna love tonight. I wanna trust tonight. Anyone tonight. Who wanna love tonight?. I said who wanna love tonight?. Who wanna trust tonight?. Who don't wanna lie tonight?. Who wanna try tonight?. Who wanna care tonight?. Who gon' be there tonight?. Who wanna be by my side. By my side?. Out of all the damn girls in the world, I done ended up with you. I'm talkin' all the bad bitches in the world and I ended up with you. Now I ain't still dwellin' on them girls, but I know that it's true. I could have been far along with someone else than you. It seemed like things were finally adding up. I had got my music in the right hands of the right people. They signed me to Interscope. It was finally that moment. Big boy you makin' hit records. The first record I made, was this. . JD So So Def Uh Uh. All I know . When I'm with you . You make me feel so good. You know you do . Way you walk . And the way you talk . You know you look so good. Make me forget about. All I know. I been looking for you girl for a minute now. The way you look and how you puts it down. See this dog just don't fall easy. You gotta be off the heezy for sheezy. And make young weezy wanna get with it . And lock down all your digits. Talk to you for hours at a time. About whatever comes across your mind. When we out, girls run up. You don't even trip. You get a kick out of watching them flip. I wanna live for you slim. I never been like this. But it's cool cause I like this. Got you a -way so you don't miss a beat. For the times that I'm working and I cannot speak. All the the homies tease me say you got me sprung. But they just mad cause they ain't got one. I'm saying. My lil homie, my roll dog. We really kill em' when we step through the mall looking just alike. Both got cornrows, two bags each,both so fresh from our head to our feet. Only disagree when we talk ball play. I say IV you say MJ. You say you with me, thats where you mistaken. I ain't Omar Epps and you ain't Sanna Lattan. I do you, lets find another subject. A girl that really understands. You gotta love that. A young Sergio Valente, Louie Vatine. Shell top rocking and likes to have fun. Fresher than the next chick. No need for you to ever sweat the next chick. Indeed. I make the next the chick see the exit with speed. Cause your the only thing that I need. I'm saying. . Shorty, do you really really love me. Shorty, do you really really care. Shorty, do you really really need me. Cause if you do I'm a be right here. Shorty, do you really really love me. Shorty, do you really really care. Shorty, do you really really need me. Cause if so, I'm a be right here.  . . It's the Roc  Wooo. My gear is right . My bucket is low . My Rocawear is fittin' incredible. Fuck it. I guess I got my swagger back. Mama that said I killed her man. Well I guess I got the dagger back. It's the Roc bastards we are BACK. In the heezy. Jiggaman, B Sieg to M-Easy . Oskino and Sparks and Freeweezy . Mickey, Mallory, Chris and Neef, hey. All I need is the love of my crew. The whole industry can hate me I thugged my way through. And allIneed is a chick to hold a jimmy like. Meth and Mary, like, Marvin and Tammi, unnnh. Now understands we can't be stopped. From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops. Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty. A nigga been focused since I said hi to  . Young niggas ya'll can't hurt me. Better watch and observe me. And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar. I set fire to your empire. I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off the rim tires. Yes I-ahJay I-ah. Double G-A livewire nigga holla back. . All I need. Rocawear . Nike Airs . Mean bucket . Armadale in the club couple o' duckets . Couple chicks by my side, let's ride. All I need. That new coupe . A doo-rag and a pocket full o' loot . A sunny day some chicks that wanna play. And I'll be on my way. C'monnow. All I need in this world o' sin. Is me and my girlfriend . I got a little two-two I call 'er Peggy Sue. When I'm off in the club she fit right in my shoe . Gotta switch her to my waist, just in case . A clown wan' flip gotta reach for my bitch. Wanna act out a movie I could give you a clip . But no adlibbin' nigga stick to the script. Now allIneed is a high-priced lawyer. Cuz it's foul ways nowadays everybody saw you. And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew. Can't even steal on a nigga muhfuckas'll sue. In this time and age, cuz real muhfuckas'll do. When I'm surrounded by squeal muhfuckas like you. But real niggas don't fret cuz the number one crew?. R to the O to the C comin' true. . Listen. The cream too long, my team too strong. Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone. Ya'll niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on . Ya'll whole block deserted, ya'll fiends are gone . The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith. Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willy Beaman . Any given Sunday gunplay's optional. However niggas want it like Soul II Soul . Whoever got hops get blocked go to the hole. Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit. Plus the jab is sick, and its Zab quick. Left hand'll lean 'em like a little past six. Now run along wit'cha little ass hits. Read my rap sheet nigga, THREE CLASSICS. Shut ya bumba' got A-Rod numbers. All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk. When I blast the pump, I leave you relaxed. In the hospital lookin' at MASH for months. Then I dumps dough on the DA desk. And I flee scotch free and pee pee on the steps. We've got no respect. No law or governin' why you fuckin' wit' him?. Matta'fact, why you fuckin' wit' them?. All ya'll need is the R-O-C baby. . Listen. . Rocafella Records. Freeway. Oskino and Sparks. Chris & Neef. . Mickey and Mallory. Broad Street Bully. M-Extra Money, ha. YOUNG. . H to the izzo. CLUE. Rell. Uh huhyeah, yeah. . I feel like I feel like. I feel like I feel like. I've been in the struggle, trying to bubble. The only thing I know is how to hustle . Homey fronting, and apply the muscle. I'd rather bust you, I ain' trying to tustle . Picture me getting in another scuffle. I'm worth millions, getting up with Russell . One of my dubs'll let a slug touch you. Either that or let the gun butt you . I've been handcuffed and beaten by cops. Some niggaz never leaving the block . I've been in drama, the beefing don't stop. Cuz haters don't wanna see you on top . I've been pushed, gave me a reason to pop. I switch spots when the seasons is hot . I learned to get money, eating off rocks. And let it cool 'fore you reach in the pot . I feel like walking in the rain ooh ooh. I feel like I feel like. I feel like walking in the rain. I've been a fly nigga, only the best. But the money couldn't hold me from stress . Since the days it was Sony cassettes. Like one day, I'ma own me a vet . Rising made, showed that Tony was blessed. Couldn't prepare me for the phonies I met . Became a man through the birth of my son. Long as he love me then I'm perfect, the one . Snakes slither when they surface the slums. You a clown, what circus you from? . I scoop a chick, throw work in buns. I tried to pimp my work in the bun . I've been on a mission, searching for funds. As a child instead of searching for fun . I did songs, even commercials, I done. Bad business, and they jerked me on ones . I've been an underdog, lost in the fog. You go to hell, I put you under the morgue . I had to brawl just to walk through the hood. Busting my gun, son, it's all to the good . I'm in some bullshit, riffing again. Altogether, over fifty hundred stitches in my skin . It's crazy, niggaz snitching on friends. It even iller how they get their revenge . I put it down with a pistol or pen. Could do a pound for a pistol and pen . I've been around, I ain't gotta pretend. Incarcerate myself, tell you that I shot a few men . My peoples know I ride to the end. You had drama, yeah, who did you send? . Silver stripe, I'm recruiting 'em in. Young niggaz that'll shoot at ya Benz . . Pretty Boy. TrackMasters. A yo you see that a major, tellin my flavor. All types of paper, I'm doin you a favor. So blaze the trees, come on baby please. Yo to lay with these girls pay the fees. Cause I stay in these, coop rabie bees. Jitty to the fifty, to the ACG's . And when I'm lazy B. Let the AC breeze, explain to my dames how the gamin be. So what you trippin about, in the club I be kickin em' out. I get em home then I'm twistin them out. If I still keep it real I be friskin them out, with my dick in they mouth. Then I'm kickin them out. Cause you miss the quote, cause even if this kid was broke. On you I wouldn't trick to know. Have me high at first like I sniff some coke. But now you gotta go don't forget your coat. Uh. Chrous. We are the firm all stars. Fuckin your bitch we don't care who you are. We don't need no duction, our music steady bumpin. From the crib to the club to your cars . Come fuck with us. Pretty Boy. If you know about us throw your hands in the air. From Teaxes to NewYork to Monclair. This be the knock from Flatbush to Little Rock. Even New Orleans be bout it bout it. It's hot. Foxy Brown . Uhhhhhhhhh. I gets  for the door daddy. Ain't know thing, ya'll know about the rings huh. Here you vibe and you balls with the big cat. Anything you tryin ta bring, been there done that. See the paper stack. I'm not a hater dog. Ya'll still crusin lands, I'm navagatin dog. Brooklyn tone. Baby girl flawsed night and left and baget stones in a James Bomd crome. See this pretty face, but you wanna stick it. If it's broke nigga we can let Tido fix it . I can't stop, I won't stop. Pretty Boy. Everything hot, first week out hit the top . Pretty Boy Relentless, Cop the Coop thats expensive. For instanse we rollin in fleets in ten to sixes. We smoke phiphers with a dime chick pullin all nighters. P be Mr Macoroni. The world slick lies and pretty Tony. If you never new know you know me. Thats why they wanna blow me. We eat caviar, shine like a movie star. Firm click real thick, Nas tell em' who we are. . Lauryn Singing. You can't run awaygonna find you. and take it slowly. You can't run awaygonna find you. and make you want me. . All my time it could be spent with you. So what you gonna do?. Make sure your game is true. See all my time it could be spent with you. So what you gonna do?. Make sure your game is true. Rapping. Well could it be that through these Cartiers I swear. their stares a specimen smooth as Sidney Poitier. Clean cut & dapper seems he's straight & narrow. Tingle in the bone marrow ???. but I ain't that aggressive instead I act suggestive. bat my eyelashes make smooth & subtle passes. timed perfectly with the classic under my dark glasses. amountin' all the words to do magic. with all due respect he approached it. and offered the roach clip as I respectfully declined to smoke it. Broken the ice his demeanor was nice. he tried to freak it to my mental. Yo his talk was slick my resume is kinda thick. and show me why ?Paid alive? ain't ya average click. Recognize Paid Alive about to lock this shit. . Yeah yeah I know you got a car. but we should keep it in the lot. I got a urge to ride the train. let's do some walkin' in the rain. it sounds insane but meditative for the brain. plus I'd like to get to see if you as crazy as you claim. ?? like Iceberg Slim in Donald Gowens. uncut it's all raw dog hit me off. Paid Alive baby girl on sand this connection. be hit through your burrow territorial section. True I come correct in all mine & denim. truck trues top kid really wear linens. No question I'll show you affection. as I proceed to lead ya direction. Well these procedures that you agreed to. I'm gonna need to know a little more. about ya self & family [License]. well who's paid and who's live?. Where you live what you drive?. Ever did a homicide?. In time we'll tell if you can indoor with L. if you tryin to knock it down then I'm not that type of girl. my mind's a pearl and I done been around the world. but if you righteous I might just let you spend the night and. . See all my tiiiimeOK that's right what?. Nah ain't nobody about wastin' my time. Like ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah. Show me why Paid Alive ain't ya average click. See all my time. . BLAM BLAM . {woman screaming in pain cops yelling "Go Go Go Go"}. police sirens. 	{sung vocals}. 	Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh. 	I ahh, think there's been a. 	I I think there's been a. 	Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh. 	I ahh, think there's been a. 	I I think there's been a. I hustle from, night to morning, dawn to dusk. Kidnap and robberies like,  "You goin with us" . I held roundtable meetings so we could go on and discuss. not only money but all the emotions goin through us. Why we don't cry when niggaz die, that's how the street raised him. Look in the air, say a prayer  hopin God forgave him. Cop liquor, twist it, tap it twice, pour it to the pavement. We live dangerous, often findin ourself in the eyes of strangers.   My dream is big and in it my team is rich. as seen through the eyes of a nigga who ain't seen shit. Back to live action, I'm packin, I'm still in the mix. like new hits, I think I'm goin over your head a lil' bit. But I let you know I changed names when I roam through town. Stay free and be who I'm professional known as now. Jay-motherfuckin-Z; and with that said. back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uhh. . My infatuation with autos led to autos gettin sprayed. Houses gettin broken in, quarters gettin trayed. Bricks gettin chopped, mom's pots gettin used. One thrown in that water, try the soda if there's two . Expensive shoes worn, Louis Vuitton seats, roof gone. Coke cheap, my face is like a coupon. I gotta do Shawn, cause even when Jay-Z was lukewarm. I was gettin my loot on, nigga I'm too strong. Eat til the food's gone, they placed me on this earth. The twin brother of Rich Porter, seperated at birth. I got the soul of a hustler, quiet noise like a muffler. Fuck with us, walk through the ghetto, see the place that corrupted us. Learn why we buck at the guys that come up with us. Ain't enough bucks for us to split in this shit. Plus ain't nobody lovin us; and with that said. back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uhh. . See my life is like a see-saw. And until I move this weight it's gon' keep me to the floor. Travel with me through my deep thoughts. Y'all can't learn Jigga by the shit y'all be readin in The Source;. It's deeper of course. Follow the life of this reckless minor. At sixteen in the , unlicensed driver. Playin, cops and robbers, like shots can't stop us. Flippin a bird to the choppers . Buck-thirty on the turns. Reckless abandon, when I'm standin on this pedal. Hand on my metal, minus all this time they tryin to give me. Lord help me, all I ever wanted to be was wealthy or. somebody to tell me that they felt me. I tried to play the hand you dealt me. but you gave me five funnies an' shit. I was hungry I need menage money. Nothin less than a ; and with that said. back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is BLAM. {Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh}. . See it was seven o'clock. and the sun had just set. the crew rolled up and said it time to jet. I was kinda hesitatin' cause it was nothing to do. but we always find something to get into. Total-Kaos broke out he said lets go to the movies. he was paying so I wasn't being choosy. jumped in the ride and proceded to go. "yo what are we goin' to see?". "yo man I don't know". but when we got there it was a quarter to nine. to see the main flick it was a long as line. paid to get in and not a second before . a sucka looked me up and down at the front door . now I shined on and walked on in . but he kept on staring again and again. I walked up and said "what's up". he said "not you". I turned around and then I looked at my crew. because I know he didn't say what I thought he said. and if he did . I'm gonna have his head on a platter. the sucka scared out. when we got ill. the brother who tried to front he got his caps pilled. and his homies they got mad . but they soon broke out. because of what we had. because I take out my weapon . and I quickly start blastin'. I go total loco like a crazy assasin. I look at my posse they say nothings confusin'. why? why? why?. it's just another execution. See it was early . we was bored uptight. so we rushed up to In-and-Out. to get a bite to eat. I saw a freak I hadn't seen in a while. the one with the crazy eyes and the pretty smile. she was def you know what I mean. the hoe was stacked to the max . in a skin-tight jean. she sat across the room . and try to stare at me. then send a note about how she wants to get with me. now I'm wonderin' what has changed. is it that I'm rockin' the house. and that I'm makin' a name for myself. cause when I first met her. all she said I did with her was upset her. I think that sneak she's tryin' to play me down. cause I ain't the one that likes to be clowned. so I told the hoe to leave me alone. I said girl you need to take your stuck up ass home. at this second her boy walked in. I said man do I have to act crazy again. then I grabbed my weapon it's time to get ill. you can say it is cool or you can straight get pilled. with buck shots I mean all over the place. in your back, your side. in your stomach, in your face. cause I don't really care what your girlfriend says. if you keep talkin' shit you get a bullet in your head. so anyway what your beefin' about. if I wanted your hoe she'd  be already turned out. she's jockin me . she might go with you. now checkin' your girl is what you need to do. . Hop in another one nigga. Get back in another one nigga. Dip back in another one nigga, woah. Hop in another one nigga. We back with another one nigga. Came back in another one nigga, woah. I told, I told you all. I know how I'ma get mine. I told, I told you all. I know, I know. Hop in another one nigga. Then hop out another one nigga. Then back in another one nigga, woah. Hop in another one nigga. We back with another one nigga. Then back in another one nigga, woah. My wrist is froze like Kristi Yamaguchi. Skating on them, Kristi Yamaguchi. We watch a nigga talkin' at us loosely. Skating on them, Kristi Yamaguchi. You love the sound, uh, don't fuck around, uh. , I dropped it in the Winter. Big homie asked a nigga what I'm down for. Looked him in the eye and said to do it till I'm bigger than you. I'm wop his ass on him. Kicked out the house in Brampton had a nigga trappin' out in Danforth. Take the TTC to get the figures, just me my lil nigga. Ain't had no hittas wit us. Was with the thugs, dealers, plugs, killers and slugs. All my niggas was plugs, all my bitches was dubs. Left me out when I was tryna make it deal what it does. Can't forget about a drop when they put  in my plug. Only thing I gotta do is get my Mom out the mud. Only thing I gotta do is get it poppin' and blowin'. Only thing I gotta do is hit my wrist with the soda. Niggas thought it was over, but bitch I live by the slogan. I told you. It's a - chance I won't fuck with you niggas. It's a - chance I might fuck up them digits. In the bottom where them niggas they ain't fuck with you nigga. Now you're up and they feel like they should be up with you nigga. I remember nights when I was starving and hungry and ballin' and bummy. And for-sick cos my car wasn't running and woah. Dawgy all I want is a onion. The game was callin' me audibly like someone confronted, but no. Niggas never gave a nigga nothing. Fuck I look like giving niggas something?. Made K this week, that's on my dead mama. Spend a hundred seventeen and I ain't even know it. Dawg I swear my coat is nice and wasn't even snowing. Mama told me since a youngin' I would be a soldier. Played the watch out on the block you used to see me scopin'. Respect the shooters, that's a youngin goal, we bout to blow this. It's the year  and I done found myself a crib. I ain't got no dough, but I done found myself a bitch. Dollars and success is what my niggas tryna get. Young as fuck but fake ID gon' get me in the VIP. I done said fuck school, fuck the teachers and the public. I rather count this money with the thuggers and the junkies. The teachers used to tell me "boy you ain't gon' 'mount to nothing". The only love I felt was from the dealers and the hustlas. We gon' do the most, so tell them niggas go boast. Seen my nigga RV, and went and copped him a Ghost. Through the windshield, centerfold on the door. Ten below on you hoes, getting dough on you foes. Getting dough on these fours, getting money and shows. These checks are looking silly, I'm getting funny on hoes. Funny how I'm stuntin' and somethin' flooded in stove. Put them huneds on hold, put them runners on go. Secure the bank. I was fucked up, I had nowhere to go. I had moved in with my girl, you know she kept it realer than a lot of my niggas. She wasn't much but she was mine. The guns and the roses. . Niggaz bitches. Uhh.   Grab your dick if you love hip-hop.  Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa. Gotcha, open off the words I say because. "This type of shit it happens everyday" --> Slick Rick.  One Lil' Ceasar. Check it out, uhh. Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit?. What are you a idiot?. Listen to the lyrics I spit like M's. Got mad guns up in the cabin. Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin and dabbin shit. I make it happen, you got your ass caught. All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport. or the MP, what if you see, then I miss ya. I blow up spots like little sisters. G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles. Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful. Junior MAFIA click, thick like Luke dancers. Niggaz grab your gats, bitches take a glance at. the little one, pullin over in the Land Rover. Playin Big Willie style with a chaffeur, yaknahmean?. Stack the green, read all between the lines. A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find.  Two Notorious BIG.   I'm surrounded by criminals. Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals. Smokin skunk and mad Phillies. Beatin down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses. If robbery's a class, bet I pass it. Shit get drastic, I'm buryin ya bastards. Big Poppa never softenin. Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin. Leave the fucker coughin up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears. Covered the wife, kleenex for the kid's tears. Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches. She whippin my ride, countin my one's, thinkin I'm richest. Just the way players play, all day everyday. I don't know what else to say. I've been robbin niggaz since Run and them was singin 'Here We Go'. Snatchin ropes at the Roxie homeboy you didn't know. my flow, detrimental to your health. Usually roll for self, I have son ridin shotgun. My mind's my nine, my pen's my Mac-. My target, all you wack niggaz who started rappin. Junior MAFIA steelo, niggaz know the half. Caviar for breakfast, champagne bubble baths. Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly. The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be?.  Three Lil' Kim. I used to pack Macs in Cadillacs. Now I pimp gats in the Ac's, watch my niggaz backs. Nines in the stores, glocks in the bags. Maxin mini-markets, gettin money with the Arabs. No question, confession, yes it's the lyrical. Bitches squeeze your tits, niggaz grab your genitals. Proteins and minerals, excluse subliminals. Big Momma shoots the game to all you Willies and criminals. I kick the rilli with my peeps all day. 's roll by with the windows down halfway. D-K-N-Y, oh my, I'm jiggy. It's all about the Smalls and my fuckin nigga Biggie. Bitches love the way I bust a rhyme. Cause they all in line screamin one more time. Niggaz, grab your dicks if you love hip-hop. Bitches rub-a-dub in the back of the club, straight up. .  this track is # on Beanie Sigel's "The Truth" released . Uh huh yea, yeah. Duro. You gotta let it bump. Uh, uh, uh like dat yeah. Come on bring the  in.  - 	I'd risk everything. 	For one kiss, everything. 	Yes I'd do anything . 	Anything for you. Id do a bid, loose a rib, bust a cap, trustin' that. Run up to heaven doors, exchange my life for yours. Leave a steak out the door, mi casa, su casa. Just remember to turn the lights off in the hall. My brother from anotha pop, minus one shot. We Neno and G-Money man, we all we got. From the stoop to the big dudes, stoppin' us from playin' hoops. And us gettin mad, throwin' rocks off the roof. Straight thuggin' man, I thought we would never progress. But look at us now man, we're young execs. My nigga Dame, my nigga Biggs, my nigga Tah. My nigga Ja, my nigga Gotti. We embody all thats right with the world. No matter how pretty she is, you never likin' my girl. That's how we run, when you aint around. I'll spank ya son, keep him in line. If you should die, Ill keep him like mine. God forbid, keep this in mind, my nigga. Repeat . Repeat . I know mama, your little baby. But these streets raised me crazy. Product of my environment, nothing can save me. Thanks for letting me bloom for your wisdom for your womb. For the roof over my head, for my shoes, for my bed. For the most important lesson in life was when you said. "Strive for what you believe in, set goals and you can achieve them". Thanks for the days you kept me breathing when my asthma was bad. And my chest was weezin', thanks for the look of love. Just as I was leavin'. On nights you thought that I wouldn't come back. That left you grieving'. Thanks for holdin' down the household when times was bad. As the man, I apologize for my dad. When the rent was due, you would hustle like a pimp would do. That wasnt the life meant for you. Youre a queen, you deserve the cream. Everything that gleamed, everything that shines. Everything thats mine. Repeat . Repeat . Check it out, uh, uh. Dear nephews, Im writing' this with no pen or a pad. And Im signing it, ya uncle, ya best friend, and ya dad. Don't look back if you fall and youre feeling bad. Im right there from your cut to when you peelin' the scab. If it comes a time when you aint feelin' your real dad. Put my face on his body dont wait for nobody. Dont follow no nigga, that's hoe shit man. Stand on your own two, do your shit man. The world is yours. Some girls are nice some girls are whores. Don't listen to your crew. Do what works for you. Standin' back from situations gives you the perfect view. You see the snakes in the grass and you wait on their ass. Bite your tongue for no one and whatever is said. Take it how they want, a closed mouth don't get fed,. You know my number when its code red if you're wrong my nigga. Youre my nephew, fuck it we get it on my lil nigga. Repeat  until fade. . The hardest thing for me to do. is to get you, to know me, within sixteen bars. That's the hardest thing. Who is K Dot? A young nigga from Compton. on the curb writing raps next to a gun shot. On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell. The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled. Everyone I knew was either crip or piru. Cousins in elementary, relatives in high school. With that being said, each one of their rivals. was aiming something at my head, I needed survival. Got jumped, got jacked, shot at, shot back. and I don't even push a line, I'm just tryna push these rhymes. In the midst of staying neutral and discrete. my momma said you're judged by the company you keep. But what you can consider, that if it goes down. they'll kill you if you kill me, it gets deep nigga. So if you ask what I'm doing. I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's blue-and, real talk, and. This is why they fuck with me . This is why they fuck with me . I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe . But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know. I was walking from Centennial. when an unidentified vehicle rolled up, and I was like hold up. Where you from? "I don't bang". Where you stay? "Westside", that's a piru gang to be exact. Well aware they had blue across they hat. Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac. Shots rang out, hoping to God I wasn't wet. Crossed to cross Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet. Chirped the homies on the hot ninety-five, they said they already knew. what happened, and meet 'em outside the garage. Never seen that many guns in my life. I was paranoid like a fiend in the night, but needed revenge. Grabbed the nine-ball, opened up the door, then got in. Somebody said fall back, we gon' make these niggas suffer. You my brother like a frat, and that's just to remind you. Thought about that so long I had failed my finals, fuck, but. This is why they fuck with me . This is why they fuck with me . I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe . But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know. I don't do black music, I don't do white music. I do everyday life music. Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it. You say you through, but I've been through it, now that's cold. And this is for my county building children. in Hub City on hubcaps, no power-steering. I use perseverance in this mad city. where the niggas drink Remy and hold semis for cutthroats. Bernie Mac died, it's no joke. Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves. Seven grams of weed, you smoke that, but I'm high off life. I could fall out the sky like twice. and land in the land of the AKs. and the minivans where the fan never on. cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms in a straitjacket. In other words, we get it cracking, but I keep it cool, y'know?. This is why they fuck with me {laughs}. This is why they fuck with me . I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe . But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know. So there you have it. But I'ma leave you with this. An OG once told me. a real gangster is either dead or in jail. or behind the scenes getting real money. I'm gone. . 	and then my motherfuckin niggaz started snitchin. Growin up in the hood just my dog and me. We used to hustle in the hood for, all to see. Problems, I called on him, he called on me. We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P. Met him unlocked doors, off my keys. Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially. Man he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly. The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly. Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me. Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed. Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change. And when he called collect and I heard his name. I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone. he's talkin reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone. I said, "Damn dawg, what, nine weeks and you're home?". He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home". I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone. The crackers up there bleachin your dome, you're reachin. I said, "The world don't stop I've got to keep keep on". From there I sensed the beef was on. I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone. To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone. Can't be too safe cause niggaz is two-faced. And they show the other side when they catch a new case. It's on. It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke. And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks. I don't see how this side of you could be provoked. . Funny what, seven days can change. A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim. Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names. Uh-huh, uh-huh . Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell. We both came in this game, blind as hell. I did a little better, had more clientele. Told you put away some cheddar now you cryin for bail. Seventeen and I'm holdin on to around a mill. I could bail out and blow trial and come around on the pill. Had niggaz thinkin I was from Uptown for real. I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill. Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville. Down and dirty, down to fight the round thirty. Freezin on them corners still holdin my crack. Lookin up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?. Came from flat broke to lettin the dough stack. You tell them feds I said I'm never goin back. I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats. You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious. The lawyer I retained you said you leakin some things. All this after a week in the bang. I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weak and lame. I woulda bet the house you wouldn't speak a thang. Nigga this was the oath, to the top of broke. Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us. we sposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that?. Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor. Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry. That's right, the same game that make you mad could make you die. It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap. Who woulda thought you'd get popped one time and rap?. Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad. and your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?". The labelling of a snitch is a lifetime scar. You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars. Shit is crazy man. All these niggaz out here snitchin. We was one step away from takin this crack money. and recyclin it through the ghettoes. and buildin back up our own hoods. Now all you niggaz start snitchin on each other. I got partners doin -. Wouldn'ta been doin SHIT. if you didn't snitch. Beyotch. It's about time y'all check that shit out man. It ain't all good. Shut your mouth. Just watch the game. And don't snitch. It sure will do a lot for you. Believe that baby. Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main. You know I got it. Got it goin on. We got the money. Ain't got nuthin to do with crime baby. But I'm recognizing. You rat bastard. . It's my heart. Pray. Daddy's little baby, must learn this world is shady. And the color of your skin don't make you less of a lady. Degrade yourself, never cuz I'm teaching you better . Life ain't all about cheddar diamonds and leather. Understand you a black sister, in this white man's . World, don't let it get ya, down girl. It's essential that you grow amongst your group. So you don't grow too fast and be doin lord knows who. Cuz daddy loves you, don't let nobody tell you different. What I, do for a living is a talent I'm given. And I'ma raise you too black too strong beautiful. Tell the truth let you know what women go through. Lies and deceit, the nigga you love he gone cheat. So be careful in the heat baby girl wit cold feet. Keep yo head steady, baby this world ain't ready. Make me proud you daddy's little baby ha. I'll always come back to you. I'll always come back to you. I'll always come back to you. You're my baby now and ever. Yo Ja's imagery is somewhat like God and his chemistry . Blasphemy, I tell my baby girl proudly . Put her over my knee and let her know this world is yours. Men are dogs take it from daddy and hold yours. Head high lady, love is bout lies and deception. Will always be seen through the eyes. In my demise don't cry just, hold on . Stay headstrong and live to learn that life goes on . The day you was born God answered my cry for help . I look at you a female replica of myself. I was conceived / you / . God' whats the science in this sign you threw?. I wanna know just so I can spread the jewel to my youth. So she don't have to come up like I did runnin loots. Keep yo head steady, baby this world ain't ready . Make me proud you're daddy's little baby. For real. When I look in yo eyes I  see stars. It's me and you against the world. Baby it's in the signs. And anything you want you can get it daddy's getting it done. You the reason why I keep the hundreds under the ones. And go through rain sleet and snow to kiss the sun. Though my travel through the storm has just begun. Swear to god when my sister died, I was only five . Didn't even cry, couldn't  know the value of a life. Know I realize why Brittney's so rare to me. She came at the time when nobody cared for me. This world's tough, I'ma guide you through it carefully. Learn the game and remember nothing in life's free. My little lady, can't quite understand me now. But baby, in time I'll break it down. So keep yo head steady, baby this world ain't ready. Make me proud you're daddy's little baby. For real. . Smile in your face. Yeaaah. Back Stabbers. /. They smile in your face . All the time they wanna take your place. The back stabbers.  . The Buda got my brain seein my own my blood stains. Dental records checkin my remains,it's hard to explain. First I see 'em then I don't, they disappear. First she tried to slit my throat,now she ain't there. I'm seein bitches in the mirrors behind me. But when I turn around, they hard to find . See a little bit of weed and a little bit of greed. Make a bitch wanna choke me till I bleed. Now watch a bitch breathe from dum-dums. That some young bum had to bust just for wreck. Earn some self-respect,now should I tote a fo' pound. 'Cause a clown wants my autograph. Broken off that hash I think he wants my cash. The Lexus and rings,give a sex simple and plain. But these bitches is mad an' they niggas is bad. So they scheme on a CREAM,you know. Fuck the hos,bitches is detrimental,the guns is essential.  x .  . I'm having re-occuring dreams-bitches they want my CREAM. They wanna be lieutenant so it seems,I can't sleep. I see an image that keeps movin round and round my bed. The shadow stops,points a Glock to my fuckin head. I grab my pillow,crack the back window. pull out the tre-,bust three times at the gate. LORD have mercyThe devil tryin to curse me . I keeps seeing shit that wasn't there in the first. See bitches be livin mad fad-they fuck my man. Steal out my crib,then come an' try an' shake my hand. Yeah man,breakin you down one time. I packs that shit for your ass,Chronic for your mind. I keeps it real on all you bitches,I wish you keep your mind. Off my motherfuckin riches. Bitches,I'm tired of all you hos beggin me for clothes. Bank rolls is all I knows,that shit is dead chicken-head.  x .  . The morning's finally here,damnWhat should I wear?. Time to get dressed and do my hair,once again it's on. Somebody's knockin at my door,but when I walk across the floor. Just ope' it up,the motherfucker's gone. I'm hearing voices in the back of my mind. Better grab my ,'cause this fool might get outta line. I guess it's time to test this bullet-proof dress. From putting holes up in my chest. I'm lookin through the peep-hole to recognise the face. I see three bitches and still I got to play it safe. I hope my dress come in handy,but when I open the door. Three little girls selling candy,ya see bitches is jealous. Of Little Kim because my click is thicker than the rest of them. All I wanna do is be rich and stay that bitch. Clock dough on the law,y'know?.  TO FADE. . Attention all units, attention all units. We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair. I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair. He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife. Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's . He could be coming at your girlfriend next. There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward. His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward. He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm. He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm. Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair. Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there. He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes. Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks. I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Stay away from him he ain't no good. We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed. Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms. Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors. Locking down every block and put up metal detectors. Protectors and be sure that you stand close. Watch each others backs and guard your command post. And most of all be advised that he's wise. He could be disguised as one of your very own guys. I'm on a solo mission to find him personally. To settle the score and beat then him mercifully. For what he first did to me. It's sure to be the last. Following footprints with a magnifying glass. To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell. I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail. I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar. "Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya". I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps. Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs. Inside the depths of his basement. I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place  went. I saw my life flash in front of my eyes. I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs. None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed. Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume. Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned. I yearned for the day that we finally met again. So I can give him a taste of his own medicine. He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean. I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen. Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home. Beating him over the head with the telephone. Attention all cars, attention all cars. Unit  has apprehended the suspect. He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat. He's going back to the crazy home, job well done. I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Stay away from him he ain't no good. I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Stay away from him he ain't no good. I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then. Why I oughta. Stay away from him he ain't no good. .  send corrections to the typust. My name is the scarecrow. busters they approach they really don't know me too well. I put in the  round magazine watchin them spin as I empty the shells. bodies are smackin the mud busters are constantly donating blood. I pull the sawed off out my coat pump it twice and watch each tear 'em up n' run. oh no we do not mind my part in genocide. oh no we do not mind committing homicide. Although the way you live inside you must die. the scarecrow will try his best to take your life. because I know you will try to take mine. I do onto others before they do onto me. and my fingers refuse to release on the squeeze trigger on the ni ne milli. Cause suckers be trying to take all the things you been working so hard for. but I can hit the floor I would rather go out in the smoke. and so I'll do what I'll have to do I don't want to kill you yet I will fool. before Lord Infamous take a fall I'll spray all of y'all. aww mang. they got my back against the wall. Ohh that's how it is in the ghetto. . All the player haters and jealousy in the ghetto. Childrens crying homies dieing. . It's how it is in the ghetto. pop pop pop. another trick sucka dropped. A quarter after twelve I'm still cruising down on back streets. on my job a dead buyer already lies on the passenger seat. just did one for the money now I'll do two for the showing. when I drop the third body I'm get ready hit the road. I'm spendin bloody money in the streets cause that's all. that I got from ones I've laid in the past and the new heads I just cracked. but all had to go sour when some fools tried to rush. the tables turning before my eyes now its me they trying to touch. I put the pedal to the mizzetal strap my fo fifty five my seventy two. I looked up in the rear view they still comin. those fools must got one too. comin up on the side its on. I feel they can't be with a dead buyer's trance. pump fell on my lap I'm liftin it up they getting my steel they started lettin 'em off. I tried to ram 'em the telephone post on the sidewalk. I got a touch as the chrome smacked I laughed as them fools take a fall. not even tho my roster for the day but my back was against the wall. Ohh that's how it is in the ghetto. . When a gun is to your head there's nothing left to be said in the ghetto. you better watch your back cause you might get car jacked. . That's how it is in the ghetto. pop pop pop. another trick sucka dropped. I'm that fool you don't know I'm that one you can't see. thatl' be scopin wit that gat infrared behind the trees you gon drop to your knees. you gon yell brother please all the police on your force gon be scared to witness me. when you see me in the traffic psychopathic killer addict. kid-nappin MPds choppin heads off wit the hatchet. throwin 'em in a rotted ditch while the night is filled with mist. mystic styles bout the killers from the six double six. In the alleys not a bum just a gang creepin low. fourty four is the two pluggin hoes in the fro'. break the law on the slow cop cause I'm down to blast. paul and infamous scrub wit the nine and they left plus the stash. crunchy black at the hideout smokin quarter pounds. . first contestants fallin down flag covered up over the casket. which we leavin a dead cop surrender no cousin a friend a son. sooner no matter your crews gon' drop. Ohh that's how it is in the ghetto. . Mothers crying cause their babies are dieing in the ghetto. one time some are straight some from the tek. Ohh in the ghetto yeah. Yeah best believe it three six mafia in the house for the nine five. with the all new gime some family bring it to your dope fool. till it just don't pay no mo'. We out. . I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts. You know, there's a story behind that there saloon. Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over. Sheriffs couldn't stop em. Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen. Got murdered in cold blood. That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home. They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern. And on a quiet night. You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine. I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet. I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat. I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph. And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head . Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed. Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead. Told him each one of his boys is dead. I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said. Who hard? yo I done heard worse. We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other. To see which one'll swerve first. Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds. That of a globe on top of nine other planets. Kissed the cheek of the devil. Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto. Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist. Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot. One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse. In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse. And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations. Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth. Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil. We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people. He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal. Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either . We ain't eager to be legal. So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle. I breathe ether in three amounts. When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle. Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range. Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain.  No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off. Cuz I can't find a decent vain. The disaster wit dreds. I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough. To kill my soul after I'm dead. When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter. Cuz I serve any stranger wit money. I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains. While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches. Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral. Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you. Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws . Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass. I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's. Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me. >From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche. And bust till volcanoes errupt. phone rings. Hello?  Aiyyo what's up . STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US. I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? . I'm the one who burned your house down . Well I'm out now , and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up. And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of. Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms. And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms. And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave. I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe. Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil. And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people. He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal. Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel.  See you in hell. Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady. See you in hell for the sequel . Bad Meets Evil, what? . And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil. Two of the most wanted individuals in the county. Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens. It's too bad they had to go out the way they did. Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon. But their spirits still live on till this day. Shhh[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?. . Yo, what's happenin Cold . Yo man, you know we just laid back in the studio. With the homie DOC and Dr Dre. And we ballin with the homie Eazy-E. Yeah, 'bout to put this piece together for Laylaw. See what he think about. True, true. So as the beat reaches a lower kind of level. We gon' put some mega shit together. Now we gon' drop it a little bit somethin like this. This song is Ballin', let me drop some dope lyrics. Make it high and fly, so all of y'all can hear it. It's time to build, so take this chill pill. If your cups are empty, go get a re-fill. Of whatever, cause ain't nothin changed but the weather. KMG -  - yo, we got it together. And in the back - who is that? The men with the mack. Yo, I had to have the homies cause they got the sack. And on the tables - what? The two be cookin. When it comes to rockin, they wrote the book, and. If you don't believe me, hurry, come see our show. You'll see me - KMG, Total K-oss and Go. What? Ballin while the freaks keep callin. Beggin KMG to come bump the walls in. The house, but even if she has the spouse.  She starts that fiendin  she gets turned out. And at our concerts we always do work. For the fags, the hags, the rags and the jerks. Cause we ballin. . Ballin'. . See, I'm a baller, and I watch my back. And when I'm ballin, yo, I gotta be packed. If I ain't packed homeboy, you could say I'm slippin. But if you try to run up, I'ma say you trippin. Cause I'm a giant, and to you new jacks. Don't come up and start, because you're gonna get smacked. It's the hood, I thought it was understood. Just like Eazy-E said we mobbin Robin Good. We'll take yo shit, because you ain't legit. You got a fucked up style of rap and without the kick. It ain't nothin homie, you be frontin. Rollin down the 'Shaw and you think you be humpin. On laces? He look just like a lacehead. Before you hit my corner, somebody be dead. Cause I'm a baller, and I won't settle for less. Put Lorenzos on my Benzo, so I know it look fresh. A  with a convertable top. Just like the homie Amp we like our shit drop. Straight lowrider, yeah, we do a little ???. Smooth check your hoe, even if I don't know her. And as I enter the door, watch the freaks start callin. The simple fact is  that we ballin. . Ballin'. . And you know we gotta break it down for who?. . Since the breakdown was dope, you can't get enough rappin. I know that it's true, because I seen your hands clappin. Toes tappin, the freaks are jockin. All because the way  is rockin. All you busters on the scene. I keep my Locs on because I know you on fiend. Like a spectator, you jock what I'm doin. So sit back and learn, cause it's time for some schoolin. And rulin all the busters on the center. Get off my tip, cause I'm about to enter. This phase  that I call the finale. I made it ride higher while I'm ballin through Cali. So listen, I'm finna start dissin. All you Eastside rappers, you had to start pissin. Me off, you're soft, you're finna get tossed. By two boss players who's your dope rhyme sayers. K-oss and Go Mack are the wack-deejay-slayers. You got a beep? We gotta go,cause money is callin. The simple fact is - yeah, that we ballin. And you know. It's like that in . And it's gon' stay like that. And once again we have to send it to who?. . Who's it dedicated to?. . To who?. . Dedicated to who?. . It's dedicated to. . Sendin it out to. . It's dedicated to. . I put you up on the IV, not the Roman Numeral . But the IV that leads to the funeral floor. Wax gets melted; breaks bones, fractures pelvics. Speeds through space and cracks blast Astronaut helmets. Face it, motherfucker I can pay to get rid of you. I've got more heads in the hood than Pagan rituals. A new tyrannical force for you to fear. Known to kill and keep human ears as souvenirs. A shape shifter face slitter, paper getter. Tape your sister, rape your sister. Make your sister take it in the face. And if you're facing us, block off a  block radius. I throw more blows than boxing Dr Octavius. Ever since we made some noise I learned people love a winner. We the quality of deep dish rims, y'all the hub spinners. Tough sinners, break bread with Jesus at dinner. Protected by a heavenly force, fuck a minister. Niggaz know better, no one's letter is better than mine. Everytime I rhyme, it's metal; the terror level is high. Plus I testify, it's best you die. Then find the truth deep down in a mountain of lies. Downsize, I'm ousting you guys deep in the dirt. Clocking in and out of rap, have y'all fiending for work. When I breed it, yo it's treason what the semen is worth. Non-believing, make me steaming, make you meeting the earth. Ayo it's my world and I wont stop. And if you stand in my way you bound to get popped. In the land where you lay, invade from straight shots. I demand that you pay and stray from straight blocks. I'm the man that you pray, don't spray the flames hot. I could tan in the blaze for days and stain cops. I astound and amaze, y'all praise the same god. I'm a pound out your brain and scrape the graveyard. Have you shout out in pain, y'all say y'all bravehearts. I'm a box up your frame and play the same card. And I'm out for fame, spacebars and quasars. Pharoahs locked the game, no shame, we hate y'all. Yeah Raw muthafuckin rap Hardcore shit Ninety four shit. Shoot the fuckin place up, yeah. AOTP blast through your army fatigues. Damage your team, competition done it with ease. Gun in my sleeve cause now a days homicide is my steez. Collecting my cream, I'm living your dream and peeping your scheme. Put you on lean from right s, pausing your jux. You fake crooks need to hit them books. Learn the rules of the game. Two to your brain, three to your frame, incredible pain. You getting drenched in that November rain. We the opposite of that whack shit. Trash man of clap rapping, you die, trash it. Five six professional assassins. Rocking these mics and repping my fam' with passion. Remember its Q-Dement', you bastards. Tell your man and your parents. We be demandin' ten grand an appearance. At a minimum my venom damage your lyrics. We be like Manny Ramirez, compatible. With the radical, magical, and emphatical. I'ma battle till I scatter your clavicle. Call me admiral, raising the temp of the room. I'm the emperor, remember I never surrender, I dismember platoons. Your petty men are bafoons. We send 'em to their doom the second my venom enters their wounds. I mentally bloom, exhume tombs with dope lyrics. Tupac's alive and well, Big L 'The Devil's Son' ??? with dope lyrics. Live in regret, AOTP these s rappers hit the deck. Courtesy of the streets, make it a microphone Middle East. My speciality, only rhymer enveloping my lyric sheets. Knock turbans off of Sheiks. Use a pipe bomb. Downtown Israeli boutiques full of dead tourists. With they dreams no longer in arms reach. That's what I call 'Dealing with calm speech'. When I alarm your peeps. Inscribed in a peasants palm is a blessed psalm. If you draw and your weapons wrong, there ain't no stepping on. My forty five is my weapon. My culture's a holstered with seven inch slugs is kept in. Squarely I step in, tilting my clips and blue Stesson. God is my essence, and you could check these rhymes for reference. adept to any preference, pussy. Yeah baby, kings of the motherfucking underground. Y'all motherfuckers don't want it with us This that raw shit, throw back. shit. I make Evil Knieval music. I come through stunting. Every  is the same, just flipped a little something something. Baby I'm crazy, a crazy baby, a sick infant. Born with an intent to spit slick sentences with sick penmanship. Shoot at you Chicago fitted and knock your socks off. Aimed at your door but hit your head, shot your locks off. I heard you was afraid to say my name on your record. Cause you's afraid I'd put your motherfucking frame on a stretcher. I can't change laws sons, that's a government issue. But I'll break laws with a gun, it's a government issue. It's the Army, we got power in numbers. And that's nines, forty-fives, three-five-sevens, and Ms. Some people say I'm superior when I shit it. Vivid visionary spit, vocabulary ridiculous. I am a tyrant, I'm Violent by Design. I silence the scientific with every line of the rhyme. Mozart of street rap, breaking the barriers. Space harrier filled with forties and pit terriers. Ready to mangle, anybody crossing the line. I saw the sign and ran with the army, lost in time. Ready for war but won't rock no dick trees. I rock mic's, you think it's a hundred and sixty degrees. Who stomp crews, batter and bruise clicks. Kill bitches and stab you tricks with loose lips?. I'm slightly disturbed, Pazienza is nice with the words. That's the reason that I'm fly like the life of a bird. I don't care if you're dead, let god have ya. Cause I'ma stay rugged and raw like Marv Hagler. That's something you don't know about me small rapper. Nice with the left, nice with the right, the jaw tapper. Allah backer, murder every track that I'm on. You just spit a fucking  whack then you're gone. Fuck fame, I study the fame closely. They build you up, then you get rocked like Shane Mosley. It's pain homey, and your blood on my pen. It's Army of the Pharoahs and we're flooded with gems. . Yo yo, yo, whassup, yo yo. Yo yo, we gonna, we gonna slow it down . so we can speed it up y'all. Right now I want everybody come to the front. That's right, move forward. I want all the poppers and the breakers, to form this circle. I want all the poppers and the breakers. The writers and the exciters, to get in this circle. and make it real live yo. Cause I'm seein too many stars up in here tonight yo. I'm seein the Rock Steady Crew. I'm seein Ken Swift, I'm seein Mr Wiggles. I'm seein Maurizio, I'm seein Crazy Legs. Man I'm seein the Zulu Nation up in here. I'm seein the Rawkus family, Shabaam Shadeeq, Company Flow. Menelik, I'm seein G-ology, Shawn J Period. Man this the Black Star movement. Mos Def, Talib Kweli we gon' keep it live. for the b boys and b girls universally. Rock Steady Japan, Rock Steady Europe. Rock Steady New York, yo we just gonna keep it live. all over the world -- get live. Party people, in the place to be. My name is Talib Kweli. Yo, I got my man on the side of me. Mos Def-initely, and we, are.  Black Star.  G Young.  Hi-Tek.  Native Tongue.  Shawn J.  Eighty-eight.  Ninety-eight. we bout to motivate, come on y'all. 	[T]. Here's a little story that must be told. 	About two young brothers who was put on hold. They tried to stop the goal. 	We on a spiritual plane. Tried to kill the pride. 	And destroy the name. We just two bad brothers. 	Who will never quit. I'm Mos Def. 	Kweli . Make sure that you tell. 	Everybody you know. To get on line. 	Take a ride. To the Black Star show. 	Black Star. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house y'all. 	Black Star. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house y'all. 	Black Star. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house y'all. 	Black Star. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house. Shinin. 	Shinin, we in the house y'all. . Yo' whassup, whassup . . Alright, alright . Ya'll get my ash tray, get my lighter . I'm a read ya'll a gangsta bedtime story . Come here, sit on my lap . . Check it out. Great scotts, it's hot today. He ran up out of bullets so I shot him in his chest. He fell to the floor with his hands in the air. His vision gettin blurry but you know I didn't care. Peck, peck, he tried to stay on deck. So I ran up on this nigga and I shot him in his neck. Shooting like a muthafuckin vietnam vet. Riding on this nigga disrepectin my set. No stranger to danger ain't no warning shots. On the hood gettin hot, anybody can drop. You better have a spot up in town my nigga. Cause please believe it, it can go down my nigga. Caught up in some traffic behind some hood rat. Grease strikes you out with no get back. Wishing for a steak eatin on a Kit Kat . And your bitch ain't shit the little homie hit that. Sit back and go see, take a trip up with me. Let's go get a stick nigga dip with me. We can ride on some niggas for nuthin at all. Even if we cool with 'em, fuck 'em let's go get 'em. LBC in this muthafucka cuz. I had to show these niggas what time it was. We got thugs, cons, drugs and guns . We claiming everything nigga, even dimes and doves. Have you ever slapped a bitch to mack your grip. Or better yet, strapped a clip . To a muthafuckin' nine millimeter for heater . And put the ride down out of G two seater. You need a nigga like me to get your game like that. Young nigga, you could get a smack for that. I'm that nigga who brought the afro back . And pat your back and then I turn around and snatch your sack. Before I came out niggas was wearing slack. I brought the curl back and the golf hat. The black poker sack and this skandelous raps. The one eight seven kidnaps and jacks. I brought snaps to the game nigga. Raps to the game nigga, I'm that big rap name nigga. S-N double O-P fa sho. I do my thang way cut throat on the downlow. Oh once upon a time in the LBC. There lived a OG from the DPG. And all the little kids looked up to him. All the women stayed true to him, police tried to do him. But couldn't do nothing to him cause he's like stainless steel. And all they hated on him because he was way to real. I don't know why but he's just so fly. But I gotta end this story by saying goodnight . . Yeah, yo. Give me the cue. Skip the duction, prosate the lip function. The junction get rushed by some grimy people bustin weed. Splatter yo' melon like some Attica fellas. Use a firearm good, bloods go for heart swelling. Insert the spasm, yes the dirty hurt has 'em. Thoroughbred thugs insert the phantasm. Verbal smarts, spark the word, visit my scripture. Exotic wine, holding nine, Picasso pictures. When the rhyme pivot you now, limit your chance. Bodyguard the lyric with unlimited stance. Words seem to zing on down to Beijing. When we touch down you crown renowned kings. There's no honor amongst theives, street pharmaceutical. Stack like Genovese, the four devils tempt mad men. But not these, we profound hardcore sound. To MC's thumbs down, prepare. Killa bees it be warfare, this the year. Niggaz gotta take you off of here, hold the square. If we go there we go gritty. And spread fear through this rap city, call the mayor. My razor sharp darts be like cold stares. The smell of fear makes my nostrils -- flair, truth or dare. Ask yourself can you compare. to these niggaz in the hood, Johnny B Goode. or he be gone, yeah. The struggle goes on, you've been warned. PLO from here to Lebanon, how many bombs. Must we drop in the Ninety-Now. Walk a mile in my shoes, get the street news, from Meth-Tical. You gots to be kidding, you gots to be kidding. Aiyyo kid, you gots to be kidding, my glocks'll be spitting. You gots to be kidding, yo. It's common sense how I master my circum-fer-ence, you dense. I get locked the fuck up, released on my own recognizance. Can't be judged, young bloods bust back like scuds. Wu-Tang harvest one thousand notches above. MC level, yo, I stay high as like treble. Foes who oppose get plucked like rose pedals. Arresting and holdin, penetrate forbidden regions. Whack MC's only lastin one season. The morale was low at the corral. Adjective pronouns had no style, yo, we propose our. aim the official, initial, is Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah. All that other bullshit ain't permissable. Annual increase of the Wu-Tang Manual. Handles to a keyboard is true hip hop's intangible. illegible, every egg ain't edible. My tracks remain Unforgettable, like Ol' Nat Cole. Got to catch this paper to buy Shaquasia a glacier. Throw chairs to deck a skyscraper. Understand that the continents of Africa and Asia. and free the black man from the enslaved labor, Wu-Tang. The weight of the fam is on our back and we can't fall. Victim to this long hall of fame, meaning nuttin. We came to punish the glutton with a substance. That can't be contained, Wu-Tang. Motherfuckers. We be seeing y'all asses when we walk up in the club. Y'all all in the back. Scared to speak the speak cause you scared. Punk motherfucker, we know what time it is. All you been seeing is upsets in the box and shit right. It's like come on man. This nigga fucked up motherfuckin Whittaker. 	Dang, he caught Whittaker. Mmmmhmmm. 	He caught Whittaker a long time ago. Mike got touched. 	Then Mike got touched by Holyfield. Holyfield. 	Yeah, word up. 		Hey, Mike's -- Mike's gonna forfeit this fight. 		He ain't fighting McDermit. 	He ain't fightin?. 		Nope. 	Whattup?. 		You talkin bout he -- what he, what he, what he did?. 		Told them he cut his eye, in sparring. Style adoral rap pressing, David Berkowitz. Einstein birth to hit, now nurture it. MGM front row seat tonight, no gens. Purified cleanse, ran into some beef up in the men's. Fix your sawed off, Wu-Tang throw me off the cross. All you saw was white meat, skin hangin off. These is words from the Arch Bishop, some call it six up. The Betty Crocker, marvel cake stakes admissor. Wax janitor, black Jack Mulligan from Canada. Slam dance, tarantula style, youse a fan of the. Monopoly king, Slavic poetry. Carnegie Hall's off the , let's push through the armory. Mack truck hitting soloist, soul controllers. Behold of the thousand teeth fist, swift and boneless. You know, cause Wu-Tang is invincible, youknowhatI'mean?. It's Wu-Tang Forever God . Knahmsaying? We gonna get down with that W. You gonna get down with that W. That's that Wu, that's that Wisdom. YouknowhatI'msayin?  That's the Wisdom of the Uni. That's the truth, of Allah, for the Nation, of the Gods. YouknowhatI'msayin?  We breakin egg through these days God. YouknowhatI'msayin?  We got the fuckin way. We got the medicine for yo' sickness. Out here, ya knowhatImean?. I was telling Shorty like --. Yo Shorty, you don't even gotta go to summer school. Pick up the Wu-Tang double CD. And you'll get all the education you need this year. YouknowhatImean?. . Word man, it's Wu-Tang Forever God. Niggaz can't fuck with these lyrics God. YouknowhatI'msayin?  Knahmean?. . C'mon man -- beats, lyrics man, y'all niggaz. . Nah . I think niggaz ain't gonna figure it out til the year Two-G.  Word. Yo, you know what?  The next Wu-Tang album ain't even. comin out until Two Thousand. YaknowhatImean?  That's just gonna come back with a comet. You hear, we gonna bring a comet. . YouknowhatImean? So, yo, y'all niggaz man.  The Gods is here man. Born Gods is here. . Yeah, yespit my gum out right nowhaha. What up world? Got my inspiration in the studio with me, right?feelin' good. Got a lot to smile about, ahaha, talk to y'all niggasyessur, hey. My best friend say I'm bottled up, I need a fucking therapist. But I can't think of nobody I wanna share this with. Why should I open up on somebody else's carelessness. Mama workin' all day, Daddy out in the streets. Imagine  years old full of doubt and defeat. Growing up around criminals, with clout and deceit. My grandma Loucelle used to tell me, you about what you wheap. She used to help me with my homework, addiction-subtraction. Added faith to my life and doubt got subtracted. Wanna skip ya mind from crying better learn something, son. You be beatin' on my couches, why don't you try hit the drums. Look, oo you see me ma. They wish they could be me ma. As I got better, her body was eaten by Luchimia. Seventh grade, it was cursed and sad. But the gift within it, was when I first met Chad. But even Chad could tell you that my Christmas was jinxed. Cause grandma Loucelle died on th th. I can't help but wonder, what kind of black cloud I was under. Cause  years later the other died that summerbummer. My best friend told me, you be actin' tough, that's fine. But the weight of the world can really crush one's mind. So let it out P , let it out P . let it out P , let it out P . See, you wont even know you hurt sometimes. until you in conversation it comes out in a line so let it. out P , let it out P , let it out P , my nigga let it out. Aye yo,   Atlantis drive, nigga was action packed. That's Atlantis appartments, we live in half the back. That's where the  year olds there, they be flashing crack. And when they shoot you nigga, they ain't tryna pass it back. Aye yo, Diggy, Fleet and Marvian can you imagine that?. The place we love the most, the hood was built to smash us flat. But I escaped cause I chased, what made me passion that. Now I got my skate team and spit these acid raps. So many niggas will rise. So many them niggas try. So many them niggas ended up duck-taped and tied. So many them same niggas, man they moms eyes cry. So, they just got older, still on the corner with they pride. Well let me tell niggas something, I'm so glad you alive. Long as you got a breathe, a pulse, nigga strive. Divine intervention this is. I heard a voice nigga, listen to this. Jesus will arrange it, but Jesus wont change it. Hold yourself responsible, on yourself you blame it. You mad, nigga don't articulate in Sanskrit,. IE we best friends, speak best friends language. I'm a happy nigga, you can't approach me in anguish. Whoever said anything worth working for would be painless. Can't be mad at the world cause you and your girl ain't famous. Cause you both on bate, BBC and chainless. Also your rangless, therefore switch laneless. Now you brainless, dangerous, cause you pull out the stainless. All of sudden you smart, now you do something hainess. First time you get caught, now your ass is famous. No longer chainless, and the bus switching lanes is a bad look. Yo girl with ya man sellin' laneless, Stop. Nigga rewind and re slides  times. Reassess your thinking and trust me it'll be fine. First pitcure your goal, and repeat 'It'll be mine'. Or fuck it nigga, just keep imagine killin' me fine. Now you, scrunching your face tryna ace attainment. When you should be tryna find a place to base your shame, nigga. Success is taingeable, don't wait for fame. I thought you would receive it better if I ain't say ya name. You unsure of yourself, sit still and think. Review those actions if it fit, put your name in the blank. Star Track, is who we are [x]. . Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. You got yo' thang, and I got mine. You see, I can give it to you like all the time. If you, gimme them digits let me holla at you baby. Stop playin games, let's do this damn thang. Cause you the whole thang, with the candles and the ice. and then the champagne, whoot wham bing bing bang bang. Now, what's love got to do with this?. Cause if you cool with this I'm through with this. Baby is we doin this?. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. I know when you'll change your mind;. that's when your rent is due . and you're many months behind. How's that to treat your friend. with that attitude you can leave it all behind. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. You say that you don't, you say that you won't. I think that you will, cause girl I'm way too real. And every girl need a G, and we see G. I saw you lookin at me, when I was with Warren G. You peepin not speakin and that's freakin me out. It's somethin bout yo bidness baby and it's flippin me out. I really can't understand why it's so easy, for you to tease me. 'Fore it's over, you'll be Miss Snoop Deezy. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man. Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand. But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan. .  Xzibit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what. Snoop double, D O G, what, mr X to the Z, yeah, and Kurupt. The kingpin, DoggHouse Records takin over the shit in the '. What, yeah, uh huh, yeah, bangin on you, huh. It's the big bang theory, yeah, check it out, bring it, yo.  Xzibit. I got a big bang theory my hardcore comittee. Gon rock and roll the streets and shake the whole city. Chronic low ridin bitches with silicon tities. . I got a big bang theory my hardcore committee. Gon rock and roll the streets and shake the whole city. Affiliated with thousands sent out medallions.  Redman with the Kung-Fu. Come on and get down and boogie oogie with the ruffneck. Hit women like Madonna all the way down to Smurfette. But first get your tables I roast your whole record label kids. Yo E   Briiiiiidge. 	"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind" . I do the hustle like Russell, Rush the stage with Simmons. Deadly venom, makes me Poison like Michael Bivins. or a cobra, pop more pop, than Coca-Cola. Next to Yoda I'm a Star at War, plus roller coaster. I got my mind made up GURRRRL, come on and get it if you widdit troop. Krush Groovin smooth as the lightning loops. The kind of loops I sample from a James Brown group. I give credit, cause I'm cautious, about lawsuits. PsychoBetaP-Funk, got styles hard as tree trunks. For real punk, you got a blunt, light it cause I need one. And get down with the irrelevant funk to make ya jump. with the fly human being, watch me freak it in Korean. Chu ri ka pi kyura mulla kara. Nu gu nya nada na na nun Redman. Na bo da challan nom hana do upda .  Nah Duke, forget it. I rip shop in hip-hop I get props my lip rocks. The rap stuff's more spooky than movies from Hitchcock. Sit back relax let me rip to the funk track. And press rewind if I haven't blown your mind . 	"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind". 	"Press rewind if I". HA-UHH, let me get busy with the funky fly stuff. cause I cut your freakin eyes, fuck Bruce Willis because I die rough. It's the Funkadelic Redman and I hit ya with the. Funkadelic level, the P-Funk, the devil. The spectular, Blackula, bust holes like Dracula. Loaded of course, more Legend than Acura. I'm swift, I like big spliffs so I tisk tisk a tasket. Plus keep the glock in my basket. I cough up a lung cause I freak it with the tongue. cause I can 'Wax on  Wax off' like Daniel-son. Do the yea yea, boogey say up jump the boogey. to the boogey to the boogey thanks to E cause he ed me. So fuck what ya heard, word to herb, cause I mack. Framalama, plus I kick the grammar, straight from -- NEW JERZ. It's the renegade rap Redman, really who rip rhymes in rough mode. Yo, hold your breath while I explode. 	"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind". 	"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind"       . Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that . Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that. Jay-Z that, Jay-Z this . Get off Jay-Z dick. What y'all niggas get front page articles, y'all mention Jay-Z name.   Jay-Z, Jay-Z, in Jay-Z news. I understand what y'all trying to do. I brought the flutes this time, though. I unleashed the flutes on them, guru. Gimme some more music in the headphone. Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening. Let's do this thing . C'mon. H, O V A. I got my mojo back baby, oh behave. Naw, naw, don't be afraid. Y'all and your articles, hard to spit at Jay. Y'all from afar threw thoughts my way. What you thought, I would naught have nothing to say?  Nope. Y'all fell into the booby trap. I set the trap just to see dude react, and now. And now you'se can't leave. You opened the door god, I'm at you annually. And I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez. I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is. But you can't give cred to anything dude says. Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head.   It's time to wake up the dead. You sound a little naive in them articles that I read. H, O V A. The Blueprint  baby, on the way. H, O V A. I got my mojo back baby, oh behave. Can't y'all, see that he's fake, the rap version of TD jakes. Prophesizing on your CDs and tapes. Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes. And this is with whom you want to place your faith?. I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine. When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line. Donating proceeds off every ticket sold. When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no?. Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself?. Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help. They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude. To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects. These dudes is all politics, depositing checks. they put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip. And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype. Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright. Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice. It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write. Is it "Oochie Wally Wally" or is it "One Mic"?. Is it "Black Girl Lost" or shorty owe you for ice?. I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit. Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat. But I will not lose, for even in defeat. There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me. When the grass is cut, the snakes will show. I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though. Saving me the hassle of speaking to half of these assholes. And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa. I'm back before you had a chance to miss me. My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history. Who you know flow vicious as me?. Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov. I get the spoils cause the victor is me . You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be. The street dreamin, all y'all niggas living through me. I gave you life when niggas was forgetting you emcee. I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me. You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee. I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea. And the little homey Jungle is a garden to me. What's the problem B?  You not as hard as me. Nigga hard as we, nigga R O C, nigga. That's why they follow me, they feel my pain and my agony, nigga. I won't rest till you on one knee. You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga. Until you on one knee, you want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga. . And I say right about now you are rockin with the best. Can I get a hit?  inhale coughing Thank you coughing. What you're about to experience is a walk on the Funkadelic side. Who knows better than the Funkadelic devil himself. To all knotty head niggaz, bob to this. Come walk with Def Squad on the darkside. Coming to you live and direct without further adieu. I bring to you Redman one more time. This is Jeff Stewart and you know how I do it god DAYAM. So who's that funky nigga that's known to kick the fat shit?. The mirror said "You are, you conceited bastard". cutting and scratching of bastard. Done by the dogcatcher, dogcatcher, it's the dogfetcher, I betcha. Aahhhhhhhhhhh, with the slang. Get you coughed up from the weed it'll bust your brain. The top notch of hip-hop and I'm on the charts. I'm catchin applause when I rock the micraphone from the heart. My style's foul, so look into the eyes of Lorimars. As you can see, I drop funk bars from here to Mars. Still rollin down the highway wit my forty between my lap bitch. Crossin DTW, coming into my lap and. Boy my skills are stacks, I love to do it from the back. My style swarms over ghettoes like crack. Blow in any hood and puff a blunt with any nigga. As long as we both got, it don't matter who's gun bigger. But I bet you you can't do that, cause the multiplatinums. can't save your ass on the block, and you're fucked if it ain't pop. The funk is blowin wattage out your fuckin trunks. Like peak Puma, I known to give a whole lots of lumps. Props I got, coming through your block nine cocked. My socks, even got three-eighty-nine shots. Don't press it, I hang em like them niggaz do in Texas. You don't have no heart you chestless, cuz your heart's on my necklace. I give props to real MC's like KRS-One. Kool G Rap, Buckshot, Busta me and I'm from. The East coast  Where a nigga like you get that fat?. And since you came out gassed, well I'm closin your gas cap. The creature, from the deeper, ultimate funk freaker. Represent New Jersey, keep your eyes up on the bleacher. A menace like Dennis, I got game like Ennis. I can french-kiss my lyrics, then I run trains with sentence. Lord have mercy  It's too much funk to cope with. Droppin dope shit after dope shit, we're atrocious. That's from the lungs, that rings from here to kingdom come. And I don't have to be a Special Ed to get dumb. . Uhh uhh uhh. You ready B? Let's go get 'em. Look for me Young, B. Cruisin down the westside - high, way. Doing what we like to do - our, way. Eyes behind shades, this necklace the reason. all of my dates been blind dates. But today, I got my thoroughest girl wit me. I'm mashin the gas, she's grabbin the wheel, it's true to the heart. She rides with me - the new Bobby and Whitney. Only time we don't speak is during "Sex and the City". She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show is over. She's right back to being my soldier. Cause mami's a rider, and I'm a roller. Put us together, how they gon' stop both us?. What ever she lacks, I'm right over her shoulder. When I'm off track mami is keepin me focused. So let's, lock this down like it's supposed to be. The ' Bonnie and Clyde, Hov' and B. The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you lovin. with the same respect that you treat the one that you humpin. Now they 'bout nothin - if ever you mad about somethin. It won't be that; oh no it won't be that. I don't be at, places where we comfy at. With no be-atch; oh no you won't see that. And no, I ain't perfect - nobody walkin this earth's surface is. But girlfriend, work with the kid. I keep you workin at Hermes, Birkin bag. Manolo Blahnik Timbs, aviator lens.  drops, Hercedes Benz. The only time you wear Burberry to swim. And I don't have to worry, only worry is him. She do anything necessary for him. And I do anything necessary for her. so don't let the necessary occur, yep. . If I was your girlfriend. I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you. Even if that somebody was me. Yeah-hee . Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be. And so I put this on my life. Nobody or nothing will ever come between us. And I promise I'll give my life. and all of my trust if you was my boyfriend. Put this on my life. The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in. I promise I'll give my life. and all of my trust if you was my boyfriend. . I'm gonna hold it out. And I'm not give a damn what I do. And I'm gonna make the biggest God damn explosion. You've ever heard. I make bitches break bread for the game. And punk muthafuckas in my lane, do the same. I'm getting brain, in the back of my Mustang. And muthafuckas better feel my pain, I'm switching lanes. Running from the cops, they can't catch me, see I was born sitting. Busting off my glocks is naturally, ways. That's the real, and the way it has to be, see life is a tragedy. Without tragedy, there's no life in me. Besides when bitches make me sick. Always talking that bullshit. Yeah I'm making bitches break bread for the game. Leaving niggas left for dead, in the game. Young Sugar Shane, his cousin crazy Eddie Kane. Pimping hoes where I steady reign. Christbearer, step out in the mink. Making all you bitches pink, how close can I step to the weight. Without falling, yeah, Christbearer, balling. I hear the streets calling, for di-di yes ya'lling. Aiyo, yo, check it out, yo. . Suuu-ey, yo sweet water, can I holla-holla? {Hell no}. . {I ain't try'nna talk to ya'll broke ass nigga}. . {Uh-uh, nigga please} . I'm diggin low up, for triple folder, try'nna get over. I told her, your life is over, I'm your Jehovah. Controller, like I was goaler, mental high dome like a roller. That means ya troll up, see mama's home, I ain't sober. Intoxicated, and immulated, since she dated. But never made it, her hair was braided, so we shade it. She contemplated, and elevated, then related. Triple X rated, triple X rated. Yeah, dollars make the hoes holla. And best believe we on a mission to make cheese. Doing eight down the back streets, blowing on trees. Heater by my side, I never know when I'mma ride, I'm a pimp for life. The game ain't change, I got a tat' that re-arrange. I push an all black range, with about five ratchets in the back, known gats. With a pocket full of stacks, that's beyond for a dream. Go head, tapping ya locks, supreme, you know what I mean. Hey, hey, hey, hey, ho, hey yo, you got my money? . Do you have my money? . Ahh, yeah, cuz I gots to get paid, I gots to stay paid. . No more? What, what, what, you mean, no more. There's plenty of, there's plenty of money in the hood.  There's plenty of tricks on the clicks, baby.  What? . Oh, I will slap, I will slap-- . . () Brass Monkey - that funky Monkey. Brass Monkey - junkie. That funky Monkey. Got this dance that's more than real. Drink Brass Monkey - here's how you feel. Put your left leg down - your right leg up. Tilt your head back - let's finish the cup. MCA with the bottle - D rocks the can. Adrock gets nice with Charlie Chan. We're offered Moet - we don't mind Chivas. Wherever we go with bring the Monkey with us. Adrock drinks three - Mike D is D. Double R foots the bill most definitely. I drink Brass Monkey and I rock well. I got a Castle in Brooklyn - that's where I dwell. . Cause I drink it anytime - and anyplace. When it's time to get ill - I pour it on my face. Monkey tastes Def when you pour it on ice. Come on y'all it's time to get nice. Coolin' by the lockers getting kind of funky. Me and the crew - we're drinking Brass Monkey. This girl walked by - she gave me the eye. I reached in the locker - grabbed the Spanish Fly. I put it with the Monkey - mixed it in the cup. Went over to the girl, "Yo baby, what's up?". I offered her a sip - the girl she gave me lip. It did begin the stuff wore in and now she's on my tip. . Step up to the bar - put the girl down. She takes a big gulp and slaps it around. Take a sip - you can do it - you get right to it. We had a case in the place and we went right through it. You got a dry Martini - thinking you're cool. I'll take your place at the bar - I smack you off your stool. I'll down a ' dog" in a single gulp. And if you got beef you'll get beat to a pulp. Monkey and parties and reelin' and rockin'. Def, def - girls, girls - all y'all jockin'. The song and dance keeping you in a trance. If you don't buy my record I got my advance. I drink it - I think it - I see it - I be it. I love Brass Monkey but I won't give D it. We got the bottle - you got the cup. Come on everybody let's get ffffff. . This the story of - Lucy In The Sky Wit Diamonds. Ask her why she crying, she wanna live, she got no time for dying. Was a science, dreams too big for a small town. She gotta get to New York and watch a door fall down. Hopped off the Greyhound, gotta make her way now. She sleeping on the park benches in the playground. But cash burn quick, don't wanna have to turn trick. Ready to quit 'til she met the super pimp. Flashing his toothy smile that drove little Lucy wild. She quick to hop up on his dick straight Hoopie style. She let the fella hit but she sang she sell-a-bit [celebate]. He ain't buying that, she ain't selling it. She looking for love in all of the above. Believing videos, trying to back up all on a thug. Who wanna - put it in her, withdraw like a Citi card. But now she shake that ass for tips at the titty bar. Broken glass - everywhere . Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air . Try to hold back your tears baby . Wait a second, what happens here baby? . Broken glass - everywhere . Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air, yeah. . Yeah Wait a second . Dreams shattered like broken glass. Press ignore it and your hopes get broken fast. You complain for the life you supposed to have. But when you try to make plans God is known to laugh. Throw a song on the phonograph, and Lucy start wilin. The trick start smiling, watch the loot start flying. The Gucci start pilling up, she live designer plush. Start lining up the coke so she could find a rush. Time's up, she's about to turn . Her shit started to sag, she got surgery. Now cats are used to drive past her like a Church van. Acting on thirst, 'She Wants To Move' like a NERD fan. Bigger house, , dollar purse fam. She let you in, she wanted rent by the st man. She the ring leader in a clique of birds. And they shadowy, like the silhouette behind the curtain. She was a small city girl with big city dreams. Niggaz try to figure how to get up in them jeans. Put her in them scenes, get her on the team. Hit her wit the cream 'til they figured out the schemes. Now she all up in the club looking for a new love. Really like Huey Lewis looking for a new drug. Cause coke's getting old, started free basing. Graduated to crack, smack on occasion. Not catching the bus, but back at the station. Back and forth pacing, acting all impatient. Last hundred dollars, she got to 'Get By'. Now gotta make a choice, go home or get high. Mommy and daddy miss her, she left for the fame. Now what's left is the dirt that's thrown on her name. She need a ticket home if it's the right course. Instead she bought a ticket to ride the white horse. . Long Beach ruffians, lump and smack you in hip hop. . Lump and smack you in hip hop . Lump and smack you in hip hop . Long Beach warn ya, lump and smack you in hip hop . Bust ya guns, all my West Coast niggas, we coming through. Represent your neighborhood, your set, click, or crew. Sip a brew, hit a few muthafuckas, dead in the jaw. Just for looking at a West Coast soldier, who wanna brawl?. Zombies couped up in a cottage, big Jimmyfish. Thirteen evil bandits rob the widows. I hit Victoria, over the head with pillows. He had a toy pistol and cotton, for a beard. The place will buckle, my pistol wrapped in today's paper. Hitchcock caper, you come to the wall of barrels. Apple hit the arrows through black rappers that's narrow. Lean a horse eyelash, snowflakes, the war hawk. Swamp cyborg, I cut 'em down with the twelve gauge. Front page tackle, all day, at the power plant. Red spider chick copped the three-eighty, who knew?. The beautiful young lady danced without her shoe. I rubbed my knee three times, caught it like Mr Bedrock. How I slit a throat in the chapel, during crusades. Sixty bugs and get naked fast, I always dashed. With the cash, alakazam, ale -- go past. Dirty shots vic', caliber torns, heavy corruption bar. Famous red clips, battles, sword let the place, they construction yard. Yeah, bust ya gun, nigga, represent your click. Bang like a blood, nigga, walk like a crip. They want beef, nigga, let 'em all drip. It's a mack in yo back, with a fully loaded clip. I sip a brew, this'll do, I crack the young nigga in the head. With the mickey twenty two. Then bust a nigga in his jaw, who wanna jump wall?. My sawed off shotgun, above the law. Hit the block, let the beat bump loud. It's that bangin' Northstar featuring my nigga Warcloud. Yeah, West Coast shit, Long Beach, Compton, Watts. LA to Inglewood, bitch. Who wanna brawl? Fuck around, and catch 'em all. Flip the gat, to the spinal, for your final curtain call. Make the London  fall, make the big nigga real real small. We poly on this, gather on different types of beats. Northstar music is hard as concrete. We regulate the airwaves from New York to Long Beach. With different types of sounds, and that's just underground. With words of wisdom for the world to hear. Never disappear until the smoke is clear. West Coast ride, Northstar drive. All ya'll funny niggas better lay down or die. We generate the energy that pierce ya ears. Wipe away your tears and kill all ya fears. Meko's here to revive your whole fear. And take ya'll niggas out the atmosphere. Aiyo, you know where I'm from. And if you don't know, check the slums. I'm from where niggas carry guns, and stay on one. Who wanna brawl, I'm the sickest of them all. I'm the realest you ever saw, in my trace, I decide seesaw. I rip my balls when I floss, this is for all my dogs and my loc's. Twisted on hundred spokes, who getting that throat. Making a G an hour, pushing that Eddie Bauer. Making a killing, I'm willing. To get on the block and serve, pushing them birds. A West Coast Killa Bee, bitch, you heard?. . Ladies and Gentlemen. Yes'ir. Lets do it. Yes'ir. HotYo. On and on and my nuts I'm palmin'. Take two of these and call me in the mornin. You should see the way the chain harness the charm and. Fly I'm +Like a Bird+ like Nelly Furtado. Shit, pop your bottles, toast and scream cheers. Get your two step cause this the record of the year. Nigga that brought you Ice Creams,  for a pair. Officially announcing this is Warfare cuz. Back in the day, my clouds was Grey. And it seemed liked my angels couldn't blow them away. But then I sold my first  and copped that NSX. But I was still ridin in them dead ass jets but now. Man my vision so clear out the window of the Leer and I'm. Talkin on my celly all the shit that you should hear. Listen clearly now Hello? Can you hear me now?. Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . So drop your purse and grab your hips . And act like you tryin' to get this money right quick. So Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . On and on and this beat is on and . I control their mind from straight over the phone. Let 'em explore the words, something like a tourist. And never get addicted unless that heady-wop is serious. From Louisville to Jimmy Choos he's real. She know the time, she see the Richard Mille. Plat- double skeletal, Tourbillion. It just like her body move, it turns her on. She like the way my hands use her body for hand warmers. And all our car doors go up like +Transformers+. See I can do it this-a-way, I can do it that-a-way. From the crib in Virginia to that new Miami getaway. Socool it like +New Edition+ unless you hot as you say. I get it ok, let it ball away. But PLEASE run along, because LADIES is feelin' wrong. And I got something right for them right after this song. My name is SkateBoardP. Ladies and Gentlemen. Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . So drop your purse and grab your hips . And act like you tryin to get this money right quick. So Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . On and on and, the temperature is warm and. I spit heat flashes, niggaz get nauseous. Bright as a bitch, so analyze with caution. When the light hit the ice, bet  that you vomit. And should I mention the fact my Transition is the track. New accession to the vision just to get me where I'm at?. Huh Little Skateboard, he too grown. Ridin' up and down Collins in that that new Two Tone. It's so cold, you don't wanna feel the chill of it. Just stand back and just look at the grill of it. I don't smoke but I bet the sensanel of it . Totally intensifies the vivid ass appeal of it. You can be jealous, and grit you teeth . But all these little niggaz got somethin in reach. SoYou want heat? These niggaz can front heat. While I'm on my boat party, tryin' to Sunseat. My name is SkateBoardP. Ladies and Gentlemen. Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . So drop your purse and grab your hips . And act like you tryin to get this money right quick. So Can I have it like that?. . Can I have it like that?. . Hot. Hot. Hot. . I am Sir Dogg, DPG fuck and I hate water. I never learned to swim. AAAAH PUT ME DOWN Let go of my leg. I HATE WATER I CAN'T SWIM AAAAH. . Now matter where I go, you got'cha eyes on me,. And everybody sittin' around waitin' on me,. Show us how you do it Uncle Snoopy,. So fluid wit' your technique, y'all niggaz gon' respect me,. Man, I been doin' dis' shit before I even learned how to crawl though,. Gettin' interviewed by mothafuckaz like Geraldo,. And niggaz wanna know if I smoke Newports or Marlboros?. Man, I'm fuckin' wit' dat real shit, nigga can you feel dis'?. I make dat shit for the realest of millions,. While I'm wheelin' and dealin' and feelin the feelin',. Hmm and oh what a relief it is,. That Snoop is back in dis mothafucka handlin' his biz,. Takin' care of his kids and makin' hits, oh shit,. There it is again, you never know if your career might flop, fizz. So, stay on your toes and keep a pair wit'cha foes,. And keep a set of new hoes and floatin' and tie da bow,. Fuck these niggaz and peep out Whitey Ro ,. Somebody told? Well then, somebody gettin' rolled on,. And that's usually how the scenario rolls on,. Baby girl said she wanna keep her clothes on,. She either fuckin' gettin' stole on or gotta stroll home,. Well number one, keep your hand on your gun,. And don't  trust  anyone . Ohh you can't trust nobody baby you can't even trust your own Mama. This is Snoopy Collins trust no one especially a bitch. Or even a bitch-ass nigga Yo Ha. T-R-U-S-T in me, I'm sexy but I'm pussy,. The homies in the hood call me Lil' Bo Peep,. And you da type a nigga I been dyin' ta meet,. So Snoopy, what'chu tryin' to do?. Now hold on lil' mama, ain't no reason for me to lie to you,. Now what I'm tryin' to do, and what I'm gon' do,. Is hit this bud, I got a wife at home,. Bitch I ain't lookin' for none, you might got kids for cuz, or down wit' bud. Pushin' them dubs, look here cuz,. Lemme tell you how it's gon' be. If I was broke loc, these bitches wouldn't want me. I'm tellin' you the good-god truth, you want proof?. Ask them hoes over there, "Y'all wanna fuck Snoop?" . We'll take the money and the game away,. I bet they won't say the same that day,. But it's okay, cuz I don't trip,. Cuz "Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks",. I thought I told you, bitch I'm a soulja,. East side, long beach, gang-bang roller,. From the solar, cuz this, is it,. Can ya dig it? . Jelly Roll pulled a rabbit out his hat,. I pull a strap out my mothafuckin' back , cuz I know it's like dat,. I'm in a meetin' wit' these white folks talkin' bread,. They want a contract on a nigga till' I'm dead,. If I don't sign they gon' turn me over to the feds,. They struck me out, now I'm pinch-hittin' for the Reds,. But I'm a Dodger blue, so I gotta keep it true,. I gotta home-run, nigga we long gone,. I'm realizin', justizin', visualizin',. Rip-ridin', put mines in,. Takin' this game to the next level,. Trustin' no one, especially them Red Devils,. Keep ya head level, hand on my get-up,. Stay on the red-up, pimpin' ain't easy, but there's a whole lot of fed-up,. And like I told you from the get-go, don't trust no one ,. And like I told you from the getti, don't trust no one. . OH NO YOU DID IT AGAIN PUT ME DOWN. I HATE WATER, I CAN'T SWIM I NEVER LEARNED TO SWIM. I SHOULDN'T HAVE TRUSTED YOU I PUT ALL OF MY TRUST IN YOU. AND YOU TOOK ME TO THE WATER OH NO. . Dr Greenthumb. Captain Planet with a Xanax. The Karl Strot of hip-hop. With birds like Hitchcock. Fuckin gas is too expensive man. Better send some more fuckin troops. Start a fuckin draft,   gas. Fucking barbecue, punch you in the grill. You can plant a garden, eat some calamari. And give the earth back to the jellyfish we started from. New Orleans, Haiti, Bahamas. Obama's mobster ass cigars in our garages. It's like Chuck D meets Charles Darwin. Spark it far from borrowin a parked Bentley orange. We sent waste into space for Martians. And pour a little oil out for my dead lobsters. Scientists gargle jargon about. how air got more led in there than oxygen. To a Congress that doesn't acknowledge. Cause they're in the wallets of monster conglomerates. Got bargained for carbon, forests beg our pardon. Waste enough garbage to feed the ones starvin. Bargain for carbon, greenhouse exhaustion. New-fangled energy vs modern economics.  you can almost smell the carcass. Bones growing weaker, heart pumping harder. Storms more often, summer's getting warmer. Geo molded toxins cockblock farmers. Went to the market to cop something processed. Every other product got a cancer ribbon on it. If a tree falls then there's no more forest. They'll measure regional climate using yardsticks. In a hybrid with a bitch getting carsick. Start it like George Carlin, I'm Johnny Carson. I told her, darlin, home is where the heart is. Nothing lasts forever, except water bottles.  water bottles. Bargain for carbon, million man marches. Hotheaded sergeants that call war progress. Praying men to kill with foreign objects. No big contract, oil drilling prospects. Want to leave but the borders are guarded. like mold in the wall of my apartment - catharsis. Now they're vaccinating kindergarteners. Tree farms and chemicals that wind up in our drinking water. Bargain for carbon. Conglomerates bargain for carbon. We're ruining the land we stole. But you don't feel responsible. You don't feel responsible. So let the next of kin pay our carbon toll. .  s. I got more glocks and tecks than you. Still seein bodies wit da muthafuckin chalk around 'em. . I thought I told you. Never to trust, nobody but us. Now the gats must bust. Malicious black viper venomous. There's gonna be a lotta white chalk and brains on the sidewalk. I know you hear me. Nigga talk. Nigga I'm weak-in, can't move my mouth to speak-in. They caught me creepin. Deep in the hood peepin. Larce was sneakin they took me off my feet-in. But fucked up because my heart's still beatin. I can't sleep, thinkin how I'mma creep. Burners to squeeze but can't get up to help my ememies. Psychopath, when the days of wrath. Resolve the conflict, I'mma lick who did it. And who da fuck was wit it. Till they dead covered blood red. Pumpin lead till them bastards ain't got no head. The raw deal, bad era switched to terror. You could pray all day but still gone die anyway. . When I come, I'm comin right. Fuck tip toein in the night. I tear'em up in broad daylight. Snakes too crudoo for you. Nigga catch deja vu . When I'm aimin my gat at you. It's time ta make it happen. Fuck the yappin. I'mma, step the fuck up and start clappin. Double action . Two fo' fo', we robbers for satisfaction. Clickin off reaction. All those robberies we breezed. Backed down DTs. Feelin the murder disease. Thou shall die when I catch you. And lick you in your eye. Nigga, nice try. Our whole life, and thinkin. Centered in drugs. Twin mack loaded slugs and buckin at them other thugs. Engraved, with the mark of the beast . The shots I released increased aimin for dey head piece. . Murder's the death penalty. Don't need nobody. Helpin me but the other half of snake and me. Us two combined, shots ta lick. Now who goes the road against it. Niggaz got drama. I'ma kill his {baby} first. And then his {momma}. Ain't no time for bitchin. Callin police and snitchin. You live by the gun, you die by the gun. Don't do this killin shit for real, why do the shit for fun?. Try ta murder my blood, can't let it slide. Family pride committin grisly homicide. Blunted, lame niggaz get hunted. Autopsy shows he felt the black rhinos. Fuckin witta pro. I hit, I don't miss. Niggaz spit clips disappear in the mist, check it. I showed you rugged put you fools in dirt. Tryin ta put in work. But only gettin ya fuckin self hurt. . . For my niggaz; Nino Brown, Lil' Ceaser, . BIG, Bugsy, Capone, Cheek Del Vek, Lil' Kim, Kleptomaniac. Motherfucker. . Clap ya hands now people clap now. Clap ya hands now people clap ya hands. Now what you know bout the kid on the strip. Mack extend a clip. I seen pappy get a brick. or crack from fity fifth. I'm not a game, I'm a gangsta. Slap you with the fifth. Lay low, eh yo Back up in the mix. I'm a two time felon, two time rebellin. Do crime, do time, no sides are tellin. Rather blow with the case. Never roll with the state. Name hold heavy weight. I sold crack in every state. that I been through. I got plenty shots to send you. Your man too, better back up like an . Whoa, you dudes don't really want it. I cock that glock back, bullets all in your stomach. I'm gangsta, thats with a capital G. Y'all niggas pranksters, don't wanna battle with me. Cause I take it the streets while y'all fakin on beats. The type that wanna speak when y'all faced with the heat. Dat ain't gangsta. Naw that ain't gangsta at all. Y'all niggas is soft. I kill style I'm rippen em off. Keep them dudes like hand nails, clippin em off. Man I'm attached to my money like I'm cotten em off . Gates, fucka, the flow great make ruckus. And I know X make them broads real great suckas. The hammers speak well when a nigga cake suffer. I'm good with that wooden spoon and that cake fluffer. They say the smallest nigga is the first nigga to clap. I'm the smallest nigga with the three eighty and black. Size nine nine shells and the tips is flat. Now thats perfect for bone breakin when its rippin the fat. Mother fuckas I ain't talkin, I'm just kickin the facts. Mother fuckas kick back while I'm kickin my spack. And put you on a new rap, full of diesel and crack. Show you niggas how to sell it before its lethal and packed. And I'm good with the thirty thirty hittin your hood. This your maniac in black, mister Gate Eastwood. My word travel like a twenty two leavin the barrel. And my teflon apparel can't be pierced with an arrow. See I'm shootin from the three and not closin the box. I like changed when my grand-daddy shot my pops. My whole outlook on life is a bird's view of the block. Fuck freeze, nigga please, I'm usin the glock. Now thats gangsta, thats with a capital G. Thought I told y'all dudes y'all faggots to me. The type I slap up, get guns and clap up. You niggas ain't that tough, I dare you to act up. I been real before John Lopez. And my finger up on this trigger got an itch like dopeheads. So please don't get it confused. My gun'll spit at you dudes. Like little kids with bad manners we clap them hammers. . See, them other crews could not figure me. It's the Mag and double-ooh, got that fat CD. Buck a crystal, hit a nigga with my blunt Philly. Fake MC's getting assed like they eatin chili. Only way they seem to rap is if they got a Philly. Maybe I'm Nicole Brown, cause you really kill me. Got away with hittin me, but you ain't OJ. I'm bout to shake up the world like Cassius Clay. When I bumble watch your back cause I sting like bee. This ain't the Wild Wild West and you ain't Kool Moe Dee. Watch a movie now you think that you really Joe Pesci. You don't want beef with me, like a diaper I'm messy. I'm that laid back brother they call Timbaland. I drive a  sometimes a - Mazda van. You can catch me standin in my b-boy stance. Or catch me at home watchin Who's the Man?. They call robber, cause I pack much heat. Don't call me now, because they dig the way I speaks. I'm like a genie, because I've been trapped in a bottle. I've got more stunts, than that nigga Desperado. Come follow, a mad brother where'll there be no sun. no sun tomorrow, you be sayin, when can we meet?  Uhh uhh. My offices hours are nine to five. Ain't that right Maganoo, Maganoo?  Right right. When the clock strikes, half past two, yeah. They'll be dancin, through the night. Da-da-da, da, da . Da-da-da, da, da . Da-da-da, da, da . Da da daahhhhhh . . Now gimme that. And run with the . Party people are you ready for Tim and Maganoo. As we come, rum & coke, won't you kick a  too. Yo I'm bout to get it started like I'm Hammer then I farted. You retarded if you thinkin Brandy really broken hearted. I departed doin dirt, lookin up your girl's skirt. Keep it Steve Martin style, bustin loose like jerk. I get Up like -town, gimme don't say no more. Got them scars on my face cause my health be poor. You Milli Vanilli, I'm Kurtis Blow like eighty-fo'. No I don't want your girl she be suckin my big toe. You get death like row, I take a beanie then I jet. Peace to Tupac, cause he was dope as it get. Twisted but you ain't Keith Sweat and shit got hot. Make a block then make a circle then I rock that spot. The rappin Don, I make a dyke go straight. If you think I'm cute, then you up too late. Make no mistake, I'm a question with no answer. Riddle me like the Joker get burnt like JoJo dancer.  . .  /. . So you took a chance with me cause you heard I'm cool. So let me show you why what you heard is true. And you're supposed to feel like it's all for you. And this is what we 'bout to do. I dance around my house to your favorite song. It's electrifying when you got my t-shirt on. And I wanna touch but I just stay cool. And this is what we 'bout to do. It don't take a lot to keep it unpredictable. As long as you let me love your heart and touch your soul. And when you give it up to me, you give your all. Cause all that I give in return is. Cold, hard, hard love. Cold, hard, hard love. Put your records on, hot sex all up in the air. Waking up my fingers all up in your hair. Those eyes you do make my world blue. And what we 'bout to do is. Now take hold of me baby I feel it too. Never been this far from safe but I won't hold you. Cause there's nothing left to hold true. It don't take a lot to keep it unpredictable. As long as you let me love your heart and touch your soul. And when you give it up to me, you give your all. Cause all that I give in return is. Cold, hard, hard love. Cold, hard, hard love. . Uh, what if I told you I ain't know love. And all the chicks I'm with I don't love. Shit still getting harder for me when I'm trying to find it alone But I know I'm supposed to be grown up. It might be time a nigga owned up for this shit I once did Games that I once played, shit I once said. No one's turning back on me now. Don't turn your back on me now. I need you more than ever. You make me wanna put this TV off the sound. And put these covers over us and take it slow forever. We go together, you so forever. Put the sunny in the stormy weather. I spent forever trying to figure out how I can fit up in your endeavors. You know I love you like a bow and arrow. Cupid shootin' who he aiming at. Who laying the body down where the statement at?. When love is lost who gonna show you where to claim it at?. You always told me you could show me where to claim it back. Cold hard love, cold hard love. There's nothing in this world that I. Nothing in this world. That I know, you. After our little robbery attempt on the East Side went bad, it was best to lay low I kicked it at my girl's house that whole night The plan was to smoke weed and get high, little did we know that plan was soon to be cut short. . Gyal come on to mi. Come over here and perform for mi. Gyal come on to mi. Tun up di tempritcha, mek it gwan fi mi. Gyal come on to mi. Gyal come on to mi. Gyal come on to mi. Come over here and perform for mi. She whine like a gypsy. From left to right she a swing deh. Man a try getti get fling weh. But yuh nah feel di vibe weh dem a bring deh. Need you over right yeh weh me. But yuh in yuh own worl nah pre me. She nuh realize I am the DJ. So I'ma tek up the mic and den say. Gyal you're the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb bomb. Diggi diggi ring come give it to me. Gyal you're the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb bomb. Diggi diggi ring come give it to me. Give it to mi gyal. Give it to mi gyal. Give it to mi, give it to mi, give it to mi gyal. Give it, give it. Give it, give it. Give it, give it. Come yah now gyal. Come yah now gyal. Come yah now gyal. Gyal come on to mi. Gyal come on to mi. Gyal come on to mi. Come over here and perform for mi. She a bubble and whine like a it yea. She up there and say I'm ready to commit yea. Mi a tell yuh a murda commit yeh. Mi nuh stop look pan di body cause it fit yeh. She a talk tings, she legit yeah. Jus wah get piece I eat it yeh. Cause mi work hard, never yet counterfeit yeh. When mi guh play dis hit yeh. Tek up di mic and spit yea. . God damn man these radio station be buggin. Man it's three o'clock in the mornin, damn. This hip-hop shit just keep. Damn we got to slow this shit down man, yaknowhatImean?. Fiends were never waiting in the hill. They ran one step ahead. But the jiggy was always there. Upon the project pavement. There was death, enslavement of the mind. Single mothers are filled with stress. As I lay there with my baby. We would look, from the window, and cry. Then suddenly in the sky. Between the new world ages. We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the ear. With the melody of a train . False MC's are melting. In the dark, all the weak LP's are. going dowwwwwwwwwwwwwn. God released the tape out, early May. And, I don't think the world can take it. Cause it took so long to make it. And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmmmme. Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang. Upon the project pavement. There was death, enslavement of the mind. Single mothers are filled with stress. Between the new world ages. We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the air. With the knowledge that God posess. As I lay there with my baby. We would look, from the window, and cry. Then the Wu-Tang sign appears, in the sky. Billboards started melting. In the dark, all the weak MC's are. going dowwwwwwwwwwwn. God released the tape of, Earthly pain. And, I don't think the world can take it. Cause it took so long to make it. And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmme. And I don't think the world can take it. Cause it took so long to make it. And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmmmmmmmme. Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang. Wu-Tang. . Yeah coming up, coming up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he coming up, she coming up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, coming up, coming up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he coming up, she coming up. He coming up, some way, some how. Blowing up like blaow, how you like me now?. She coming up, some way, some how. Blowing up like blaow, how you like me now?. He coming up, some way, some how. Fucking more young ho's than the law allow. A young nigga put doves on the Benz. You caught the homey shopping like he loves his friends. Just ease, as he makes it from the e's. Everytime I see the nigga, I'm like "where'd you get these?". Florida Keys, shopping sprees. Killed 'em last summer with the Hummer on D's. I went to Roscoe's looking for a meal. Then ran into my niggas from the Killa Bee Kill. I'm like "my niggas, what's real?". They said some niggas rolling deep in the Cadillac DeVille. They got ill? Caps got peeled. I think one of them niggas was your little nigga Will. Dope game got strained, I was like "he was your gang?". They said major 'caine, and doing his thang. You know he put doves on the Benz, you didn't see the candy cane?. Meko rock many, even when I didn't have a penny. Bitches through me many, I stay deep up in the trench, would flinch. Will get yo ass knocked out for trying to represent. Cuz where I lay, my niggas don't play. And the way they play, you might get spray. Like roaches, fucking with the deadly Northman. You end up like the headless horseman. How you like me now? Or like Destiny Child. Making bitches say "aow". Meko keep cranking, until my pockets is fat. Nigga, who you like that?. I was, washing down the Expedition with the shany. When I first met Tammy, the shit was so uncanny. She said she just flew home with granny from Miami. And they moved around the corner on the coldest set cranny. She started ballin' out the gate, and she was pussy. Like weight, at a very low rate . I said Tammy, how you get that cash?. You backin' that ass, while the red light flash. And Tammy said "no", pulled up in the Jaguar slow, yo, yo. About a week later, I was on the block. Her sister rolled up and told me Tammy got shot. I'm like damn, how the fuck Tammy get got. Damn, said Tammy had a running with the cops. Tammy stole cars off the lot, Tammy kept it hot. Tammy was a have not, I'm like. . Well this girl came up to me - she says she's new in town. But the crew been said they seen her around. I thought they were right but I didn't wanna know. The girlie was Def and she wanted to go. I think her name is Lucy but they all call Loose. I think I thought I seen her on eighth and forty-deuce. The next think she said, "My place or yours?. Let's kick some bass behind closed doors". We got into the cab - the cab driver said. He recognized my girlie from the back of her head. He said a little something about tip to base. So I made him stop the cab to get out of the place. I shouldn't have looked back man I'll always regret it. Something's going on and I'll probably never get it. She was crying like a baby - stupid dumb. It's just too bad that girl's a bum. () She's crafty - she's gets around. She's crafty - she's always down. She's crafty - she's got a gripe. She's crafty - and she's just my type. She's crafty. I spent my last dollar to by a Sabrett. When I seen this girl I could never forget. Now I like nothing better than a pretty girl smile. And I haven't seen a smile that pretty in a while. The girl came up to me she said she loved the show. Asked her to come home and she couldn't say, "No". We got the crib - there's Adam and D. We didn't say a word - they just stared at me. I said, "I don't know her just met her tonight". And Adrock started hiding everything in sight. D pulled me over said, "Hid your gold,. The girl is crafty like ice is cold". The girl is crafty - she knows all the moves. I started playing records - she knew all the grooves. He thought she was a thief - and D was right. But I just figured she'd spend the night. When I woke up late in the afternoon. She had taken all the things from inside his room. I found myself sleeping in the middle of the floor. She had taken the bed and the chest of drawers. The mirror, the TV, the guitar cord. My remote control and my old skateboard. She robbed us blind - she took all we owned. And the boys blamed me for bringing her home. .  [News Report]. Statistics have shown that youth violence is at record high today in America. due to excessive use of drugs and alcohol-. MAAAN How da fuck do you know. My mind's just spinnin off dat indo smoke. Got me seein double visions 'cause I'm tore up loc. It's no joke, da weed smoke got me crazaay. And da B&J got me pissy like a baby. I was fuckin wit deez twinz gettin crazy endz. Robbin jewelry stores for da cash and da gems. Identical bastards on some fast shit. Tried to stash it. Took the nine plastic, had they fam on some sad shit. My conscience buggin. Filled wit all the bad memories. I'm visionin dead enemies tryin ta kill me. In my sleep, same niggaz dat I put to rest. Got me wakin up pourin down a hella sweat. The drugs got a nigga high and I can't explain. Tye and skunk playin tricks on my fuckin brain. Shit is strange 'cause I know deez muthafuckas dead. You see the murder still flash back in my head. Smokin dat denk, sippin dat drink. Make a nigga act kinda crazaay. . Nigga it's dark, it's hard for me ta fuckin see. I guess the hash and Hennesy got da best of me. I got da urge for a snake related killin spree. Larceny, bent on da marijuana trees. Murder conracts. Collectin C note stacks, I react. And push the niggaz shit back . I neva new this young buck would be a lonester. 'Till they hung my picture, wanted on a poster. I pack two hot glocks, fuck the holsters. Neva new this lil' G would get the most of. Robbin and stealin, then led to killin. Makin a livin . Offa muthafuckin drug dealin. Then came beef, The Snakes was wanted in the streets. Shit got hot, my other half did a creep. Handled his business 'cause he was on his third body. Then laid low wit dis freak ass hottie. . I of da Snakes. Watch for fakes and jakes. Blood money I make, transactions up state. Sparkin weed and drinkin. The buddha still got me thinkin. Thoughts o' death and all the bodies that I left. Face down, you know the routine for the cream. Means necessary. Cock suckas got buried. Nigga raise up or get blazed up. Who be da one lastin. Cock the fifth and start blastin. Try me. Die instantly, a couple o' shots is all it takes. Aim slugs to ya face. Perpetrator fraud, I kill you and ya broad. Got yo ass wishin you was out dis position. Listen, the ganja have me on a mission. Stick the clip in. I stop all the bullshittin. I get it on. Trife, killin ass nigga rule the streets. Creep wit da heat stashed in the Montero jeep. . I'm crazy, how I dress and keep it fresh. So many steps ahead of y'all cause I'm before my time. I'm crazy, how I do it,when I do it  I gets to it . That's why the girls, the girls they love me . Yall know what it is when I step in the house. So stop sittin back tryna figure me out. I know it  don't sound right. That I'm only  and you're like  years old. And you only went Gold. So you mad at me. Cause my first joint went triple p. And no matter what I do when I step in the tube. The girls they love me. Only reason that I'm winnin is cause I'm a gimmick. I know that's what you're saying. But I came to ya show and wasn't nobody in it. And you still think you the man? . What was that- no promo, no radio. I know you got somethin to say. It's not your fault that you hot. But don't nobody else seem to feel that way. You see it's like this- when you rap, people just clap. When I rap they shed tears. They know that So So C-O flow crazy like Britney Spears, it is. Ask yo mama, ask yo brother, ask somebody's dad. I'm collar poppin, gangsta I'm super bad, man I'm crazy . . My apearance is head cocked, throw back, air force, no socks,. Braided up, T- Shirt, jeans, jordans, and a bubble watch,. Lock man, Nelly color bands. I mean I switch everytime the wind blow, . When I aint puttin it down, playin around . You can catch me in dat tecno,. I'ts mandatory that I rock  chains . Big only way I do thangs. Kid wit so much game, bad stay outta my range. Cuz I can make a mountain move, if I wanted too. But I really wanna move you, only rock it if its new. Only top it if its true, so stop your nonsense. Healthy bag, colored du-rags, jipos wit a whole lot of sag. Dad in a range, Mom in a jag, and I keep on all tha tags,. Ask yo Momma, ask your brotha , ask somebody's Dad,. I'm collar poppin, gansta, I'm super bad,. You know I'm Crazy. . Bounce, come on . Put your hands where my eyes can see . No otha women can be compared to Brat. All of a sudden, some of them wanna be thuggin. But they wasn't, before I popped out da oven hott. So then I show them I dont sit at the bottom of da charts. Timbalands, and a halter top, what I rock is comfortable . Whether feminine or not to you. Dont worry bout what lil popsy do . Cause imma keep on gettin my freak on, with heeps on . Put the heat on and breathe on him . You dont wanna see T-I-T's on me for V-I-P's only . Get into my ear and tell me what you want me to be. Cause I can play out any scene, any episode, you can think of. I can swing, it dont mean a thing, cause I got that bling. Got me a fresh hair style, house on a hill.  inch wheels, take trips to Maui, to close deals. I'm so real, notice a cop that pop a female. I'm so ill, showed you been here  years. Told you I can neva be deal to deal . Please believe it, undefeated,. I aint never been beat, cuz I'm just that crazy. . Yo This for all my motherfucking niggas. On the West Coast, on the East Coast. In the mid-West, the Dirty South. Nigga, I don't care what you doing. Who you wit, or where you at, nigga. Go Crazy, nigga. Go motherfucking Crazy, nigga. Get motherfucking sick wit it. Sometimes I might get a little Crazy. Dipped and sticking doors with one-eighty. Ever since the G's raised me. The streets couldn't fade me, go Crazy. Yeah, all y'all niggas go Crazy. Leave the bitch-ass niggas braindead in the daily. Too many ho's yelling, "Christbearer, save me". Bitches can't swim cuz the water too wavy. My nigga, get a little nuts. The Wu don't give two fucks, Clan like Klu Klux. Lace the Digi with the 'dro. Tai Bo, bust ya fo'-fo', let ya hair down, ho. Ya gotta get a little sick. Let niggas try to play you like a step-child and click. Fuck the dumb shit, nigga, trip. Lose ya grip, pull a semi-automatic out the whip. Get psychotic, neurotic, they want it, they got it. Bang it to the boogie, hypnotic. Dip a stick and do a quick one-eighty. Like G's that raised me, a Long Beach baby. Taught me the difference of a bitch and a lady. The streets can't fade me when I'm liable to go Crazy. Crazy, like hitting a bank with a three-eighty. And maybe, flip and pistol-whip an old lady. That's shady, ya think that's shady?. Hell, not as shady as the bitch that had my first baby. And maybe, that's why I blow big dope on the daily. And maybe, I'll fuck ten more bitches and have ten more babies. And lately, I've been wanting to take shit back to the eighties. And maybe, I'll drive-by shooting at niggas that hate me. See baby, you know my story and that's the way it still goes. Real crazy, I'm still rapping baby and I still hate ho's. Shoshot is sick wit it, gots nothing for ho's. but conversation and some dick wit it, can you dig it?. I'm a zipped down fool, and niggas pause when I spit it. I might strip to my drawers, when I trip off the liquid. See maybe, I need to get fucked up 'til I hurl. cuz I'm Crazy like Pac screaming "Fuck the world". Yeah, fuck that, go looney. Screaming "Bitch, sue me", off the wall like a young Paul Moonie. Break a rule, act a motherfucking fool. Roll a cutty on D's, solo at the carpool. Play Clyde Bearer's like a young Warren Beaty. Let Bonnie be ya lady so the bitch go Crazy. While niggas go Crazy I stay amazing. Doing what I do, straight blazing. Re-arranging, the time structure in the streets. Rotating planets like my people far out, you can't see. Believe it or not, a drop. NorthStar make ya heart stop. Too hot yeah, my shit stay live wit a vibe. that makes niggas go Crazy when they get high . Bitches button down ya button-fly. Niggas bust ya fo'-five, get real live. Cuz ya only live this life once. So bounce to this motherfucker like you own one . Dip a stick and straight trip on a nigga. Take a sip and straight spit on a nigga. Cuz the streets straight raised me. But they couldn't fade me , go Crazy. .  Raekwon the Chef, Method Man. What that nigga want God?. Word up, look out for the cops [Wu-Tang five finger shit].  Word up, two for fives over here baby. Word up, two for fives them niggaz got garbage down the way, word up. KnowhatI'msayin?. . Yeah, check this ol fly shit out. Word up.  Take you on a natural joint.  Here we here we go.  Check this shit, yo.  One Raekwon the Chef. I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side. Staying alive was no jive. At second hands, moms bounced on old men. So then we moved to Shaolin land. A young youth, yo rockin the gold tooth, 'Lo goose. Only way, I begin to gee off was drug loot. And let's start it like this son, rollin with this one. And that one, pullin out gats for fun. But it was just a dream for the teen, who was a fiend. Started smokin woolies at sixteen. And running up in gates, and doing hits for high stakes. Making my way on fire escapes. No question I would speed, for cracks and weed. The combination made my eyes bleed. No question I would flow off, and try to get the dough all. Sticking up white boys in ball courts. My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater. Times is ruff and tuff like leather. Figured out I went the wrong route. So I got with a sick ass click and went all out. Catchin keys from across seas. Rollin in MPV's, every week we made forty G's. Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tech nine. Ch-chick-POW  Move from the gate now. Cash, Rules, Everything, Around, Me. CREAM. Get the money. Dollar, dollar bill y'all .  Two Inspector Deck. It's been twenty-two long hard years of still strugglin. Survival got me buggin, but I'm alive on arrival. I peep at the shape of the streets . And stay awake to the ways of the world cause shit is deep. A man with a dream with plans to make CREAM. Which failed; I went to jail at the age of . A young buck sellin drugs and such who never had much. Trying to get a clutch at what I could not could not. The court played me short, now I face incarceration. Pacin -- going up state's my destination. Handcuffed in back of a bus, forty of us. Life as a shorty shouldn't be so ruff. But as the world turns I learned life is hell . Living in the world no different from a cell. Everyday I escape from Jakes givin chase, sellin base. Smokin bones in the staircase. Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess. I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed. But I'm still depressed, and I ask what's it worth?. Ready to give up so I seek the Old Earth. Who explained working hard may help you maintain. to learn to overcome the heartaches and pain. We got stickup kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks. and stray shots, all on the block that stays hot. Leave it up to me while I be living proof. To kick the truth to the young black youth. But shorty's running wild smokin sess drinkin beer. And ain't trying to hear what I'm kickin in his ear. Neglected, but now, but yo, it gots to be accepted. That what?  That life is hectic. .  -- . Niggas gots to do what they gotta do, to get a bill. YaknowhatI'msayin?. Cuz we can't just get by no more. Word up, we gotta get over, straight up and down.  -- . Cash Rules Everything Around Me. CREAM. get the money. Dolla dolla bill y'aauhhhaaaauhhhhahhhauhhhhll, YEAH. . Gimme more, uh, uhh. C'mon feel the noise, don't stop the boys,. They get wild wild wild, wild wild wild. Step it up, let your neck snap back. Uh, saddle up baby-girl put your hair back. Hurry up, barkeep, keep the brew comin'. Tryin' to drank 'till my back start slumpin'. Like old man, live by the old rules. Fought all the steps in front of the old fools. Got me nowhere, nigga, it's a different time. Fuck ', niggas thinkin' ',. I take a look behind. Niggas can't form a line. Like Kindergarten waitin' for the water fountain. Standin' up, said, arms crossed, poutin'. Scott Mescudi, boys they was doubtin' him. 'Till they Googled me and found that Imeem. They love a dooder, they love me I mean. I can't believe how I had a dream of Martin King. But they ain't takin' me out on no balcony. . Stand up, put your arms to the ceiling man. Show skin, baby-girl, yeah, I'm a fan. Won't do you wrong, like a pushover. See Cudi ridin' through, better pull over. Like I got blue, red lights shinin' 'round. But if I see the man, slowly put the club down. "How you doin' Officer? Nice mustache". Dunkin Donut eatin' muthafuckas hatin', damn. I get my speed-racer on. Playin' Ray Cash, get my Cleveland city on. Brooklyn to Cali, jet-lagged and all. There's still enough time to hit the mall. Shit, one wish when I'm deceased. Bury me in 's and ten deep. And please keep the bapes on the feet. So I can watch the devil ice-grill me,. Haha, yeah, how you like a nigga now?. I'm it like the clown,. And CuDi get . I get . Back, back up in the mix like that. How y'all feel? How y'all feel?. Y'all a'ight? That's right. And it's like that Plain-Pat, holla at me, man. Yeah. . I was born in the human body I'm deadly and dangerous. The way I decrease life quality is outrageous. But you don't gotta worry, I'm not contagious. I'm genetic, I travel through your family for ages. I could live in your daughter I could live in your son. If you smoke cigarettes I could live in yourlungs. I can develop in your stomach and be that small. But I grow to the size of a basketball. Now you can ignore me and try to pass it on. You'll be a statistic and the casket gone. I could be a sharp pain that you feel in your spine. I can be a brain tumor on the back of your mind. I'll even be in your food if you eatin that swine. Don't go to the doctor so you never catch me in time. I done cost some strong men to lose they strength. Even cost some pretty women to lose they breast. Only God know the cure and to whom he bless. Is the chosen, he choose the best. I'm a physical enemy here to bring miserable treachery. I can affect him, her, they or them and me. But one small woman got a check up randomly. They burn me out of her body with chemotherapy. If you come late I'll deflate your energy. Take all of your hair and erase your memory. I can shorten your life if you livin it long. Even took a black queen name Vivian Strong. If you don't go to the doctor that mean you support me. The only way to stop me is to catch me early. And gangstas who think I can't get in y'all body. I even claimed the life of mobster John Gotti. Have you ever had a checkup? If no is your answer. Then let me duce myself my name is cancer. He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. The prettiest woman out here blows long in the wind. Even sip when she wasn't soft as her skin. Teeth look like ivory pleasant as a beach. Breast like two watermelons ripe like a peach. On the outside, sexy as can be. But on the inside she's infected with me. She be up in every neighborhood dead on the street. Give you her phone number give you head in the V. And she don't like condoms she sexin for free. So if you ever met her get tested for me. Every single day I add names to my dyin list. My epidemic is strong as an iron fist. You should check your body fluids that's where I exist. Can travel through saliva I hope you like to kiss. You can't get rid of me you can cry and wish. It's no denyin this. Science says he says I was born in Africa but he's a lyin bitch. I was born in the laboratory my father's a scientist. You can't contact me if you walk in a bathroom. Or if you talk to your classmate in your classroom. You never see me comin, I'm smooth as a jazz tune. Not airborne, I pass moves. But you shuold make sure they clean the needle when you gettin them tattoos. I'm the reason the word positive means bad news. Idiotic if you don't believe in me. Even took a great rapper name Eazy-E. If you have alot of sex you should have some condoms. 'Cause you could live with me ask Magic Johnson. I enter your body with only one assumed mission. That's only to break down your immune system. Become sick easy 'cause you not immune. And I can pass over through every open wound. So make sure you put a Band-Aid on your cut. Before you shake another man's hand sayin what's up. I'm physical and visible, you can't feel me. Medicine I'm invincible, you can't kill me. AIDS is my name, don't get it wrong. It stands for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. . He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. This drug addict name Raj is infected with my evil. Got some new dope he wanna try with his people. He said go 'head and try it, it's some brand new diesel. That's when I found myself travelin through a needle. Don't even know what he gettin into is a shame. Tied in his arm up and pump me right in his vein. He had alot of women was livin to play his life. But he was married, he took me home to his wife. Now she's a carrier who carries on with me. His wife had a baby, the baby was born with me. And I hope that you wouldn't take this song silly. Alot of people infected, it's a strong pity. You got a jimmy hat? Then put on Jimmy. Let's protect ourselves, we should all really. I'm tryin to live long won't you live long with me. Suburbs to the city sing this song with me. He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. He rides to it, don't stress alot. Put protection on, if he's in your home. . Here it is. Where's it at?. In the back. Got a stack. The Dirty Bastard. Yo you Bastard flip the phat track. Here I go, here I go, whether friend whether foe. Let them know that I flow over the rainbow. Hit the deck. Aw, yep,  from the Tek, takin heads, takin necks. What the fuck they expect?. I don't know. I don't care. I won't fall. I won't stare at a ho, less I know that I'm going to the mo-. T-t-tel, cause I'm lousy, technique is drowsy. Stop tryin to foul me. Sayin that we're lousy. But I'm a tyrant, defiant, walkin New York Giant. President of the Wu. But I'm also a client. It's the Wu, what, you knew what, you do what, what, who, what, what. I don't give a flying fuck. About a chump, cause this heart only pumps Kool-Aid. Snatch a kid by the braids, and cut his head off. Rhymes is rugged like burnt buildings in Harlem. The Ol Dirty Bastard from the Temple of Shaolin. Dirty to the brain like drops of acid rain. Clang, clang, clang, rhymes pluckin at your brain. So take a sip from the cup of death. And when you're shaking my right hand, I'll stab you with the left.  Red alert Red alert. Ason comin straight from the dirt. Once I go berzerk, mad brothers got hurt. Nuthin new in ninety-two. It's time to do the work. Trails of vatos scream once I hop on the scene. And fear the return of the fatal flying guillotine. Mr Milli, that means I'm also militant. Don't wear no suit and tie, I'm no gentleman. Gettin laid, takin heads, that's my hobby. Punch a brother in the face who call me Robbie. I be the RZA, call me that cuz-I. Never liked the name I recieved from my poppa. Dirty deluxe, yo, I'm huntin for ducks. Snatchin devils up by the hair, then cut his head off. . Tu la botas, mami tu la botas . Tu no te aproblemas . Siempre tu la botas . Mira ese cuerpo mira esa ropa . Cuando tu llegas to el mundo lo nota . Dale, dale, dale, dale asi. Dale, dale, dale bien sweet. Dale, dale, dale, dale asi. Dale, dale mami, dale dale mami. Tu tas sweet, just like orange crush. Toy adicto a ti, como candy crush. Tu eres automatica tu no usas clush. Pepa siete un donkeo como Chris Bosh. Tu me gustas mas que el arroz. Un poco barbudo pero yo no soy Rick Ross. No me hable de huevos que de esos tengo dos. Di que si te regalo un disco de Mr Fox. Yo tengo una casita en la playa. Habla rapido o para siempre calla. Habla bebe, antes que la otra se vaya. Quiero tu panty pa hacer un batido de papaya. Yo tengo una casita en el bosque. Cero cadacue dejale esa vaina rocker. Yo se que tu quieres que yo te toque. Entonces habla breve mami, vamos pal choque. Que lo que pata perdiendome mis tiempo. Mami habla claro si vamos pal cuero. No te confundas conmigo mami. No pienses que yo soy un hombre grosero. Soy un hombre en busca de una mujer como tu. Linda como lucero no te preocupes por na . Yo tengo dinero. Tambien tengo un crucero. Mentira es un velero. No te preocupes que tengo licencia de marinero. Y una buena cabina pa cubrirme del aguacero. Vamos a recorrer el mundo entero. Y tengo una mansion. Na un apartamento. Donde vamos a pasar gratos momentos. Donde tu vas a servirme mi alimento. Y donde voy a hacerte el love a cada momento. Ever since you left I blow heavenly, hammer right next to me. Cowards creeping, hoping I'm sleeping to put the lead to me. Sometimes I wish they would, see you that be good. Tufflon, wilding in the streets, damn near close to a felony. But I know you watch over the kid heavenly. Did good Lord, already had ya soul to keep. That's why my nigga drifted off in the peacefullest sleep. I gunplay, hoping I die that way some day. Slay me when they took away Mikey. For all my soldiers that never breathe. I swear I'm ride for they seeds. Yo believe and I take you out. Yo with the reefer I spar rounds. Yeah, I know the best go down. Yo I cry for my niggaz that's gone. Tried to again in this song. Yeah I smile by my heart is torn. Rest in peace on the other side, I carried the torch. I fought with the reaper, fuck that, through me you live on, yo. Damn, really wish you was here, son. To resurrect ya soul, bring you back I shoot the reaper a fair one. Damn, really wish you was here, son. Damn, really wish you was here, son. Aiyo they took Flex, God bless, every one of my crooks left. Cuz he had a connect, slid up by Schenect'. Got set up by a bitch that he met. He asked me to go, I'm wishing I left. I miss him to death. Plus Donald saved my life, wish I could've saved his. I talk to him knealed down where his grave is. B Ghost died, right there on the pavement. He was part of the making of Two Four Entertainment. Drey Wit Da Y, never had a chance to say to him "Bye". My thoughts when I pray to the sky. Spiderman, even if he had his rifle in hand. Cuz he never saw it coming, homey, right from his man. Listen, even Dee Di gone. And it hurt me watching Miss Doreen and them the way they mourn . This ain't rap, I'm just spitting a poem, let it be known. Still hit home, losing my nigga Rome. Rest in peace. Yo I don't really shoutout over the track but yo I love y'all niggaz. . It's just like, tears don't help. . In due time I'll renew mines and heal myself. . Homey, they gotta be ghosts, I know he gone but he gotta be close. . And when it drop him away, a part of me took a ride in that hearst. . Cuz I was so pissed off at the Lord I brought the iron to church. . Yo it's a fucked up world, but us hood niggaz got it the worst.  It was all about my niggaz.  and talk about my niggaz.  How bad?  How bad? . And I wish that I could change the fact . It ain't right, God  I miss my niggaz. . Talk about ever meeting Ms Right. But one thing I know is this girl is hype. Not a crab I see but such a lovely female. And if looks could kill, she would be in jail. For raving all over with exotic beauty. And to captivate her love is my only duty. There's not a single feature that this girl lacks. Sweetheart, you're my aphrodisiac. <Straight R&B >. You've got me waiting for you day by day. Fantasies of you has got me drifting away. And I know, a love like yours would be so hard to find. So I'll just keep on waiting for the day you're mine. Now I've talked to young girls and sophisticated ladies. But I swear my dear, none appear on your level baby. Maybe, it's just me imagining. Then again, I probably just haven't been. With the right female and in detail. I'll probably never will be, girl if we fail. Cause every time I appear to be pleased. You know what happens?. I just get skeezed. <Straight R&B >. The girl that I admire, one that I desire. And no one can stop the feelings that you inspire. The way that you leave me in this obsession. With the chambers of my heart in your possession. We were meant to be together, always and forever. For that engagement, I shall endeavor. Pray for the day that we combine. And I can say for sure that you're truly mine. In benevolence and reverence. As soon as our relationship commence. But for now, I wait impatiently. For the day that you can give your all to me. <You've got me waiting for you day by day>. The moment of truth is what I really should call it. I worked so hard for it so please don't spoil it. Yeah it's a lot that I'm asking you to give me. That's only because I need you with me. Side by side, hand in hand. You as my girl and Kane as your man. Bust it, ever since the first time that I seen her. I wanted her to step inside my arena. I'd be the champion of love, wear the golden glove. And show you what a real man is made of. My feelings I'm sharing because I'm caring. My heart'll tell you why I am so endearing. For a chance at romance I would love to enhance. I would be your man under any circumstance. Just as long as I can say that you're my own. Your feelings for me and mine alone. We can cherish every moment of the time we spent. Try to take our love to the full extent. The point that I'm trying so hard to get through. Is girl, I'm in love with you. <Straight R&B >. A dramatic fanatic for our relation. Cupid has me stupid with infatuation. And a fashion of passion so tenderly. With vibes I can't describe you send to me. This personal attachment in which I feel. To you my dear, I will try to reveal. All over and over, I'll try and try. Because to see you with the next man makes me cry. I feel that I should be the only man to side you. Cause no one can love you the way that I do. No one deserve the love you can give. So allow me to show you how I'm out to live. With something very special, palliative and pure. And anything that you want, I can give you more. I'll be calm and gentle, loving and sentimental. Oh so much emotion, I'm talking devotion. Cause when I get involved, I get involved so deep. That you would know that my love is something special to keep. But for now, I guess I'll be fine. And keep waiting for the day that you'll be mine. .  One Cool Breeze. I call da crib they say "Breeze you ain't know?". I say "What?"           "Big Time got popped in his Benzo". I said "Damn man, I'm riding in his Lexus. I'm bout to dump this nigga's shit in New Dimensions. Get to the crib so I can call Big Slate up. And tell em da money man done slipped and got his throat cut. And everything that we took from the warehouse. I heard somebody talkin 'bout it at the White House. Man I thought you said that this job was for me and you. I ain't know that Bill Clampett wanted some too. You tell his folks that I'm sorry bout that Lexus. I'm 'bout to dip and see my sister up in naaah. Can't even tell you where I put my extra playa card. Cause them Red Dog police know we homeboys. Just tell everybody who us a dime. It's the Great Hoe Round Up Yo' Money time. I got to HAVE MINE, then I'm OUTTA HERE. Take a loss, come back up just like Coco Grier. Ain't got to worry bout yo' potnah gettin caught like a lame. It won't be over til that big girl from Decatur sang". .  Two Big Boi. Yeah, it won't be over. Check this out. Can you see what I be hearin talkin to spirits when I sleep. Peep this out real quick Slick, we gets on this beat and speak. about that pimp shit, that walk with dat limp shit, that hemp shit. Lookin up in your face I see a coward and a dimwit. Lookin to run up in my private home just like you was the folks. Servin a warrant to a baby daddy, who do they come to quote?. On a Tuesday, April Fool's Day, don't get caught slippin. Leavin the keys off in the ignition, makin me guilty by suspicion. Penny pinchers tryin to stack for ninety-six. Buyin another Fleetwood, Diamond took it, so know we's in the mix. I need to take my ass to the crib and drop the baby off. Cause them niggaz at the corner sto' been lookin at me for too long . Starin like accidents on highways, high days are better than sober ones. Don't be biased, but I know it has to come. So I put two in the sky to let them know I'm babysittin. Y'all don't know nothin bout Big Boi cause that nigga steady dippin. It ain't over  till the bitch open her mouth up. and sang.  Three Big Gipp. Took me a long time to get here. Long time man. I'm talkin about, years, and years. Riding past funeral fields holdin bodies of my peers. If you don't educate yourself. Now how the fuck you gonna understand how you posed to get paid?. Niggaz walk around get with shade tree ass ways. Fuck a fade, let my hair drag. Back and forth like a see-saw. Jumpin Lily, to lilypad dad. Lookin to get my Goodie feel. I'm broke in like some old men. Who'd stop dem or would stop. I'm droppin lines for the big plot. Sixteen is when I started to dream. It's ninety-six I'm in your face. Can you hear that bitch scream?. . Yeah, sometimes it's hard bein a man. I try to explain that to my lady all the time. But yo. . My girl is a delicate flower. A super hero, bein a single mom helped develop her powers. We stay up to the elegant hour talkin, inhalin the sour. Reachin out to God cause the Devil a coward. But he still sit on my shoulder and whispers. It feels like my shoulder get colder the more that I listen. And now it seem like she ready to leave. We steady be beefin the main reason my desires of spreadin my seed. I try to tell her I'm just a man. She said "No you wrong cause you way more than that, you need to cut the scam. You not foolin me, that's lunacy. Them excuses might be new to them birds but they ain't new to me". Yo I hate when the fit is thrown. It's like every time I pick up the phone you bitch and moan. Whoa, I'm like "Why you stressin for?". I'm pressin Ignore, make me wanna never get involved. I need to reap these benefits. Ooh, you so sensitive~. I say serve this royalty. She say "I deserve your loyalty". . Men lie out of fear but we front like we not afraid. Whether arguin or not, the bills gotta get paid. We are not in th grade, we fightin and people watchin. On Twitter she emo bloggin, I'm boilin her hemoglobin. It lead to sobbin, the arguments never move me. Cause we actin out the stereotypes like Tyler Perry movies. My indiscretions is reekin of deep betrayal. Libidos are like horses, it's hard to keep 'em stable. She believe me the way Michael believe in Fredo. But I need her, she the food for my soul, my sweet potato. Before I let her go I know she'll be forever gone. I can't leave when the weather wrong, I weather storms. She like Katrina, got me lookin for FEMA. Covetin my neighbor's lawn, the grass is lookin greener. But in reality it never is. Oh sure there's others but I'll never find a better. Girls  have  feelings . Girls have, feelings . Girls have, feelings . Oooooooooooooooooooh. {"Girls have feelings, girls have feelings"}. {"Girls have feelings, ohhhhh"}. . Oh God, why the streets like a war zone. And why are little babies left to fend all alone. We shouldn't have to wear, a bulletproof vest. Oh God, why is everybody put to the test. Oh life's a bitch and a bowl of grits. Crime doesn't pay, but it beats this shit. Thinking on your life, and how it all went wrong. On the straight path, but now the path is gone. Looking for a light to lead you, mom and dad. Swore the'll never leave you. Knowing in your heart that they might deceive you. Oh Lordy, Lordy, why I never feel you. Pops ain't around when the time is short. And momma's dragging us through family court. I got no time, for reminiscing. Slum is not full, cuz your food is missing. Got to keep that mind straight on this mission. So what you dishing, reality's plain. Here's the definition to the word insane. Who causes hunger, effects, starts your robbing. Not equal to, so you stopped your thriving. This is how it is. Desert storm. Just like Desert Storm. They say praise the lord, and to God I should trust. Things ain't the same and I feel out of touch. Three steps back with one step up. Cuz things go wrong and I feel so stuck. I got to keep climbing, I got to keep striving. A positive outlook, made me hit the road. Cuz so many stories were left untold. The sea heard of, was I predicted. When is all this pain gonna be lifted. I think I'm going crazy, out of my mind. Things ain't been right, since we left the sure lines. Cops been harassing, sons and daughters passing. Money kept in stashes, as the church play passes. Can't tell me, what to believe, this world is full of enemies. I hit straight like, cupid, now ya. Stuck on stupid, I come back like . It takes years of oppression, turn it into flows of aggression. My impression's from sunlight reflecton. Detection, your weakness, sick woman's fetus. Protection I'm giving, so we can live in. Free me from the weakness of the heart. Stay inside my character, like peace to a part. Conduction is a function, put together like a union. Confusions, what we get out of American institutions. I'm young and truth equals learning. The false hood started with the burnings illusions. Seeing something, that's not really nothing. Like wack MC's speaking on they own destruction. Stop your bluffing my man, it's time to take a stand. Distortion, let's make things clear, the statics. Reaction from the fear. . Can you hear me now?  Good  . The best of times, it was the worst of times . It's "The Gift & the Curse". ROC YEAH, number one click HERE. If you represent US, throw them diamonds up YEAH. Now let's be CLEAR, I ain't goin no-WHERE. Now that you KNOW, holla at your boy. HOV' . . Yeah, Roc-A-Fella Records. You know what diamond is. We ain't goin nowhere, put your diamonds up. Standin in my b-boy stance. Free, Beans, Memphis where you at nigga?.  Snatch Cam and it's a rap. This here rap belong to us, nobody strong as us, it's a fact. Hold up I'm just warmin up, gimme a second to get it back. Young Chris, Neek what?  Oschino and Sparks. Next summer's yo' summer, tear this motherfucker up. Young is eternal, my young'uns'll burn you. "The Blueprint" birthed, nigga I earthed you, you can't be serious. Young cause I'm thirty-two, dressed like I'm twenty-two. Flow like a , do what I wanna do. Goin on my th ring, got Phil Jackson's and. flow is black magic, I'm at it again. Rose Bowl with black karats, "Horse & Carriage" to spend. like Mason Betha, chasin this cheddar, to the end. of the road because the end I'm told is nearer than we know. What can I say but live for today, HOV'. Yeah, "The Blueprint " homey, follow the moves. You put on two tube socks, you couldn't walk in my shoes. I was dealt a bad hand, fuck what else could I do. but keep somethin up my sleeve that'll help me through. But can you believe, everywhere I'm at, models come through. Cat-fightin, cat-walkin, it happens often. It's true how society don't want me to move. into the penthouse building with spectacular views. They're like uhh, "He's a menace he could never be a tenant". I'm like ooh, what's a young nigga to do?. I bring the brothers to the building give a feeling that I don't. give a fuck we just chillin watchin chandelier ceilings high as fuck. Old lady, don't blow my high. 'specially if you don't know my life, don't make me bring. Sharpton in it cause I'm dark-skinneded or. dude with the 'fro and the Rainbow Coalition, I'ma. victim of a single parent household, born in a mousehole. Mousetrap, niggaz wanna know. How so, how Jay get up out that, here, yeah. I snatched purses I per-se-vered, yeah. I had work, fiends purchased, it was clear. I was out there sellin hope for despair, but stop there. I swear, I only make good from my mouth to God's ears. Had to get out the hood. And I can't justify genocide. But I was born in the city where the skinny niggaz die. Born in the city where the skinny niggaz ride. And as a skinny nigga I had beef with high size. . They say you live by it die by it, the life of a G. If my death, is anything like my life, then I'm a die like a G. Throw your hammers up in the sky just for me. I don't live in the Stuy the Stuy live in me. Nigga what Hit you up with the mac. Nigga what You ain't fuckin with Pap. Sendin shots at me I'm bustin 'em back. So I ride around the town with the gun in my lap. Aiyyo my bond is my life, my word is my bond. You pull the two five, I'm a pull the fo' fo' long. Niggas can't stop my reign my bars too strong. I was here when you came, I'm here when you gone. Keep talkin like you tough when you singin your song. I'll blow your head off, make the morgue sew it back on. Niggas catch beef in the night, and slip in the dawn. That's why the most bodies get dropped in the early morn. When the body get scooped up, it's shipped to the morgue. The killer go to the crib and pillow talk to his girl. Baby moms said she gonna send him where he belong. Called the cops that's what happen when a woman is scorned. At the end of most arguments somebody get warm. Always gotta be right, just admit when you wrong. Say you 'gon ride through the hood and blow your chron. But you just ride through the hoof and blow your horn. If my death, is anything like my life, then I'm a die like a G. Throw your hammers up in the sky just for me. I don't live in the Stuy the Stuy live in me. Nigga what Hit you up with the mac. Nigga what You ain't fuckin with Pap. Sendin shots at me I'm bustin 'em back. So I ride around the town with the gun in my lap. Feel like I'm Tarzan, awww man my girl Jane. My homies wild like the animals we all bang. Lookin for this coward 'cause he owe me some small change. Heard he in the gamblers spot. How you 'gon gamble while you owe me homey? I ran up in the card game. With that long thang, I put dots on they heads. While they playin poker, I ain't playin with y'all lames. Man I gave them niggas poker dots like Kwame. Sayin they killers, man when they 'gon start killin. When blood start spillin y'all start sayin y'all chillin. Let them out of town niggas catch y'all slippin. Put work on the blocks some food out of y'all kitchen. Flossed in your party, sexed all of y'all women. You runnin 'round talkin 'bout you ain't got no hard feelings. You ain't got no hard feelings 'cause you really a broad. This nigga soft I don't feel him if his feelings ain't hard. If my death, is anything like my life, then I'm a die like a G. Throw your hammers up in the sky just for me. I don't live in the Stuy the Stuy live in me. Nigga what Hit you up with the mac. Nigga what You ain't fuckin with Pap. Sendin shots at me I'm bustin 'em back. So I ride around the town with the gun in my lap. Could snatch the sharks out the ocean, then watch you die. Take you guppies out the fish tank and let you dry. Kill you piranhas at a blink of an eye. But I ain't thinkin 'bout you I got some bigger fish to fry. 'Cause when a nigga live a thug life 'til somebody hit 'em. The family always wanna blame the person who with 'em. So if you was with your homey and y'all got hit up. And he make it and you made it then you better grip up. Now it's more homicide, more bloodshed. 'Cause all they really wanna know is, why you ain't dead?. A nigga follow my whip I ain't 'gon scream and shout. I'm a lead him to his death, that's what I'm about. Call my homey on the cell, you chillin no doubt. These niggas followin the whip, they must think I'm a slouch. I'm a ride through the block, by the club house. When you see the car behind me, air that shit out. If my death, is anything like my life, then I'm a die like a G. Throw your hammers up in the sky just for me. I don't live in the Stuy the Stuy live in me. Nigga what Hit you up with the mac. Nigga what You ain't fuckin with Pap. Sendin shots at me I'm bustin 'em back. So I ride around the town with the gun in my lap. Nigga what. . Yeah, uhh. Wanna say whattup to all them riders. All them siders, all them gangstas, and all them beotches. Yeah, we keep it gangsta. Yeah, we keep it gangsta. Dippin down Long Beach Boulevard. I only rides with my Doggs, and I don't give a fuck. about none of y'all, I'm ridin til the wheels fall off. I only rides with my Doggs. Dippin down Compton Boulevard. I only rides with my Doggs  I don't give a fuck. about none of y'all  I'm ridin til the wheels fall off. I only rides with my Doggs. Beware of the big mash, you knew he wasn't finished witcha ass. He'll stay on it til it's burnt out, looked how it turned out. Nuttin you can do, can't help you out. So fall down, Dr Dre done fell back into the House . with the Pound, bitches keep throwin pussy at us. We don't want it, yea bitch it don't matter. It's all about the money, if you got it, throw THAT up . Hmm, ride along witcha set . And watch us, you motherfuckers can't do that yet. I skirt out, I hit a corner on ya, fuck doin halfway. I do it to the fullest, I'll probably catch bullets on my last day. I hope a prayer come through so I can eat. My shoes lookin like about a buck fifty each . But I'ma come up, that's on my momma. Now that's on me, cause that's a burden on my momma. And she done suffered, the shit's gettin rougher. And when the goin get tough, the tough get a strap. and low-ridin's on the map. Snoop Dogg's # the whole Pound's got snaps . Yeahh, tell me, have you seen us?. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it. Uhh, actin a fool, nigga done paid his dues. and got my receipt in return, so I recline the leather seats. with a trunk full of beats and, chronic filled leafs to burn. No concern as I make a left turn on the 'Shaw . Off of Jefferson, feelin awfully naked at the U-turn. Shit, left my gun, that's a no-no. Fuck Bernard Parks, I'm my own po'-po'. Nigga talkin dirty after dark, startin stuff. May have to mark up a nigga FUBU logo. Lettin off like a Ruger promo. And even though I'm about the hoes, I never doubt the dulos. You know the rule goes, where there's a hoe there's a hater.  Well there's some hoes over there,. and I concentrate on the haters later . Give these bitches numbers to the pager. Invite em to the next Dre function as party favors. Who said pimpin's hard labor?. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Heyyy, ohh yeah, ohh yeah. Better watch out, cause here we come. Always, dippin. Better watch out, cause here we come. Always, dippin. Better watch out, cause here we come. Always, dippin. Better watch out, cause here we come. We're always, dippin. Better watch out, cause here we come. Al-always, dippin. Better watch out, cause here we come. We're always, we're dippin . Better watch out, cause here we come. In them streets, dippin . Better watch out, cause here we come. Hittin them corners, dippin . Better watch out, cause here we come. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin. Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it. However you want it. . Money on my mind. All the time, all the time. Slangin', sellin', niggas tellin'. Catchin' feelings, on the low. Friends switchin', different women. With you every night. Prayin', sinnin', sinnin', prayin'. That the Lord, take my soul. Money on my mind. All the time, all the time. Slangin', sellin', niggas tellin'. Catchin' feelings, on the low. Friends switchin', different women. With you every night. Prayin', sinnin', sinnin', prayin'. That the Lord, take my soul. Fuck with me. The wolves come out at night nigga. Dirty money, all I know is dirty money. Millionaire,  hundred, dirty money. Got my brother, buddy down in murder somethin'. Jay my brother, brought him down the way. He studyin', I don't know where he came from. He studyin', I don't know where his name from. New extended  and his hand gun. It's such a [?] we gon' change where we came from. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. My lil niggas got a problem, we gon' go to work. I bet he come up in that set, I was smokin' purp'. He steady plottin' through a body, told me hold his work. He nearly fell off 'bout the week, had to hold his shirt. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. Got this  in my cup, nigga 'bout it, yeah. Put this on my mama, I won't die no fuck nigga. When you start the commas, that's when they want fuck with you. Way you starvin', who gon' come pay that re-up with you. Niggas left you out for dead and never starve with you. You have to feed the family, that's first. Bet no pussy niggas understated, that's the thirst. Rich, switch,  bands for a . Rich, switch,  bands for a course. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. Bet he body like he's yours, niggas round me, yeah. Slip in Versace, down mix it with the kitchen. I love my conscience, yeah I'm fuckin' with them chickens. A lot of bread and weed, and fucked off these bitches. I know it's wrong, I know it's wrong, I know I'm selfish. I see that Fendi, see Chanel, I can't help it. Got all this [?] I'm just tryna dodge the devil. We shout Diego in the game, speedin' double. You heard my Harlem niggas emigrated [?]. He down to let the bitches fly, no Furtado. He down to let them bitches see, no Bravo. He gon' let them bitches. I had to lick off the poor. Shawty, she got all the dope like I roll with it. We run the city and I get the money. From all of these bitches I roll with. Hop in the Phantom, I hop in the Phantom. I hop in that bitch, I'm like woah woah. Don't tell me you at it, don't tell me you at it. Don't tell me you back at that bitch hey, yeah. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. I can't let no fuck niggas round me. Fly with me. From Park Hill Ave to Craybran St. Who you know get love like me? . I take full responsibility. Putting this shit back to where the fuck it's s'posed to be. Fes Taylor, man. I take it back on some Cypress Hill shit, show 'em How to Kill a Man. If I'm a ki cocaine, then you're a milligram. Butterfly knife, blade spinning like a ceiling fan. Damn, I put it down, like a coffin in the dirt. A tie and a shirt, niggaz think I'm walking into church. But I got meetings with labels, homey, I'm eating at tables. With CEO's, in the office, they made you. I paid dues, get smarter as my age grew. Lenses in the shades, blue, keep the powder beige too. Even if it's China white, cuz my spot move, five hundred dimes a night. Still my pockets kinda tight. Open a business, you do the math. And flown in my homeboys from the hood, make my whole crew the staff. Willie rocks, lace mink, chain, make the cops chase me. I got a couple workers so I ain't been knocked lately. You could front on my borough if you want. I point the barrel at you punks, leave you cowards in the dumps. Staten Island, where the wolves running wild. I tell you right now, that I bite, worse than I growl. Don't front. You could from on my borough if you want. I point the barrel at you punks, leave you cowards in the dumps. Staten Island, where the wolves running wild. I tell you right now, that I bite, worse than I growl. I was told, Cash Rules Everything Around the globe. Hitting shows, getting dough, by the stones in my lobe. Everything that glitters ain't gold, like Canal St ropes. I blow a chocolate brown Dutch, blowing weed smoke. You might catch me in Miami on a skiboat. Son, I lived the hustler's life, hoping my seed won't. Don't put me in a category with the amateurs. They told my manager I'm banned from Canada. My oppressed record, son, they tried to throw the book at me. I'm a crook, look at me, just wanting to juks badly. You seen my wolves drooling?. You fooling with some niggaz who don't care to see who you shooting. Dare me to prove it, haters fear the movement. Hip hop, like my new crib, I just moved in. I know you feeling music, this is therapeutic. Inspired by the revolution, stack a couple million be my resolution. Yo, who smoother than me? Go 'head, choose ya MC. I pop a  like a deuce-deuce of OE. Yo, homies, pour out liquor, I was a poor ass nigga. Nowadays I'm getting more cash quicker. Two  War sticker, Roman numerals wrote. It's hard for you to keep my attention if numbers ain't spoke. I hate to trouble you folks, but shit, I gotta eat. Acting like I ain't seen meat in a couple of weeks. I sat back, watched niggaz get fat. They said the Stat fell off? Well, fuck that. Taylor bringing it back,  Warrior rap. Wolf Pack, greatest hits. They stuck off my last joint, wait 'til my latest shit. Nothing to say to a snitch. But I chipped in a couple of dollars, get him laid in a ditch. Listen, I'm rich, bitch, watching David Chappelle. On the back of the tour bus, while I'm blazing an L . Don't front, don't front. Alright, it's Fes Taylor Incorporated. Two  War Entertainment. You know how we do this. Emilio, what's good, my dude?. Lon Dini, LIS, Killa Mac, Pa Bazil. The Milli Family, you know?. Don't make me make an example out of one of you niggaz . . Girls you know you'd- better, watch out . Some guys, some guys are only about . That thing, that thing, that thing . That thing, that thing, that thing . Throw your hands in the air. Admit two shots in the atmosphere. It's been three weeks since you were looking for your friend. The one you let hit it and never called you again. Remember when he told you he was about the benjamins?. You act like you ain't here him, but gave him a little trim. To begin, how you think you're really going to pretend. Like you wasn't down and you called him again?. Plus when, you give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him. If you did it then, then you'd probably do it again. Talking out your neck, saying you're a Christian. A Muslim, sleeping with the Gin. Now that was the sin that did Jezebel in. Who're you going to tell when the repercussions spin?. Showing off your ass because your thinking it's a trend. Girlfriend, let me break it down for you again. You know I only say it because i'm truly genuine. Don't be a hard rock, when you really are a gem. Baby girl  Respect is just the minimum. Nigga's creepin' and you still defending him. Now -- Lauryn is only human. Don't think I haven't been through the same predicament. Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly been. It's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in. Look at what you be in, hair weaves like Europeans . Fake nails up out Koreans . Come again. Yo A-When when come again . When when come again . My friend come again . Guys you know you'd better, watch out . Some girls, some girls are only, about . That thing, that thing, that thing . That thing, that thing, that thing . The second  is dedicated to the men. More concerned with his rims and his Tim's than his women. Him and his men, come in the club like houligans. Don't care who they offend . Popping game  . Let's stop pretend, the ones that pack pistol by they waist men. Cristal by the case men, still living in his Mother's basement. The pretty face men claiming that they be the "big men". Need to take care of their three and four kids. But they face a court case when the child support's late. Money taking and heart breaking. Now you wonder why women hate men. The sleepy silent men. The punk domestic violence men. Quick to shoot the scene, stop acting like boys and be men. How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?. How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?. How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?. Unh-Unhh Come Again. Bro-Straight come again. Sit straight come again. Watch out, watch out. Look out, look out. Watch out, watch out. Look out, look out. Watch out, watch out. Look out, look out. Watch out, watch out. Look out, look out. Girls you know you'd better, watch out . Some guys, some guys are only about . That thing, that thing, that thing . That thing, that thing, that thing . Guys you know you'd better, watch out . Some girls, some girls are only, about . That thing, that thing, that thing . That thing, that thing, that thing . . {sound of a camera taking a picture}. 	the effects will undoubtedly be felt worldwide. Aiyyo, stand forward, 'fore you take notice. or witness to me killin the track. Testify 'til me spillin the smack. Now they got me for traffickin, racketeerin, audio crack. {}	They call me Dope Man, Dope Man. 	I try to tell em I'm where hope, floats man. 	Ghetto spokes-man. A broke man, approachin the bench with intent. to bury me under the cell, fingered me as the toast man. Evidence stemmin from ninety-six. They say the world ain't recovered from his fix. While they was usin cut I was on some other shit. Gave it to you raw and they just discovered it. Nowaday, the jury got they brow raised. Listenin to testimony about my foul ways. Exhibit A "Reasonable Doubt". They say this was the first thing that turned the peoples out. 	as an unprecedented number of people have turned out. 	for what may be the "Trial of the Century". {}. How come, you label your brand of dope. "Volume " and spread it through the slums?. Fed it to the young with total disregard. Your honor, the State seeks the maximum charge. And how could you, turn right around. and release a lethal dosage called "Volume ". And is true you operate the criminal enterprise. known as Roc-a-Fella in charge of his meteoric rise?. And do you deny you're responsible for the demise. of record execs, and do you object?. Your distribution's Polygram, and through your connects. Def Jam, you pushed over five million SoundScan. And not to mention, your co-horts and henchmen. Dame, Biggs, Lyor, Kev' and Russell Simmons. And we ain't gon' talk about Murder, Inc. That just establishes a darker deeper criminal link. 	and with the overwhelming amount of evidence. 	the DA's presented, things aren't looking good. {}. 	the rapper has been known to emerge triumphant. 	in the face of adversity. {}. Right hand on the Bible, left hand in the air. Before I spoke one word, made sure my throat was clear. A-hem, I'm a prisoner of circumstance. Frail nigga, I couldn't much work with my hands. But my mind was strong, I grew where you hold your blacks up. Trap us, expect us not to pick gats up. Where you drop your cracks off by the Mack trucks. Destroy our dreams of lawyers and actors. Keep us spiralin, goin backwards. At age nine, saw my first hate crime. Blindfolded, expected to walk a straight line. Mind molded, taught to love you and hate mine. Climbed over it, at a early age, Jay shined. Fuck the system at Lady Justice I blaze nine. Your Honor, I no longer kill my people, I raise mine. The soul of Mumia in this modern day time. 	outside the crowd is frozen with anticipation. {}. 	It is complete pandemonium out here {; Serena keeps speaking}. 	People are cheering and hugging - there he is. 	Jay-Z is exiting the courtroom right now. 	There is a swarm of cameras surrounding him {pop bulbs flashing}. 	and people are just rushing up to him. 	Let's try and make our way over there, Jay-Z Jay-Z. 	{sounds of cameras keep flashing, music fades}. . Yeah, I pump it up and I don't quit for jack. I'm back to rap on wax so guess who's back. The chart hitter, not a quitter or a bullshitter. These cats know I'm the best one out the litter. Yeah, they talk, but they be talking diarrhea. Cause none of em got the capability to be a-. Nother Mikey D cause I ain't having it, kid. You can do what I do, yo how the fuck you biddin?. I've been through wars and I came out untouched. I'm too much, whenever the microphone is in my clutch. I get props, I get stopped by the cops. That's how it is hops, when my tape's in a box. I've been through crews like a ho. And took em out, I always let niggas know. I keep the soul cause I'm a lyrical pro. I play it mellow, word em up, I'm on the down low. 	Know what I'm saying, shit is real, G, I'm on the down low. 	Gotta represent in ', I'm on the down low. 	K-Cut and Sir Scratch, LTD, shit, we on the down low. 	Coming up with motherfucking platinum shit. 	You know what I'm saying?. You know with Mikey D's freestyles is rougher than a rapper with practice. I'm fantastic, true meaning of what bad is.  years on the scene, could never fall back. A small pack, you're fucking right, I think I'm all that. You know a nigga with a doubt?. You can bring him to my session and watch me take him out. He'll RIP when I rip him and I stick him. In a bodybag then I'm gonna zip him. I'll throw him in the ocean, and watch him sink. Cause he shouldn't waste ink on them rhymes wasting time. Cause them rhymes stink. Mikey D's reanimated and these other rappers hate it. I got skills, they can't fade it. I keep the soul cause I'm a lyrical pro. I play it mellow, word, I'm on the down low.    Twin Towers in the house, on the down low.    Word up, Shaqueen in the motherfucker, she on the down low.    Different Shades of Black in the motherfucking house, on the down low.    Word up, everybody out here is on the down low.    Know what I'm saying, my man Monte, laurington nigga, he's on the down . low.    MC Lotto, Bomb Squad, all the motherfuckers I know, they on the down low.    Rick motherfucking C-O, Red, Mark Miller, they on the down low.    Boom bashing in ', know what I'm saying.    Everybody in this motherfucker's on the down low.    We on the down low.    Sir Scratch, he's on the down low.    K-Cut, on the down low.    LT is on the down low. . I'll leave the light on. In case you come back, in case you come back. I'm pinning my hopes on you. Gotta believe that, yes I believe that. It's been too long, I've tried to stay strong. But you're a life away. Do you hear me calling your name, yeah?. Every time the night falls down. So do you wonder what I'm doing now. Do you think of me?. You didn't mean to let me down. I just wonder what you're doing now. Do you think of me?. At all . At all . Do you think of me?. I'm living by the telephone. You never call back. Why don't you call back?. I'm crying waterfalls. Gotta believe that. Why won't you come back?. It's been too long. And I'll try to stay strong. But you're a life away. Do you hear me calling your name, yeah?. Every time the night falls down. Do you wonder what I'm doing now?. Do you think of me?. You didn't mean to let me down. I just wonder what you're doing now. Do you think of me?. At all . At all . Do you think of me?. I never told you you're my. Somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody. Want you to know that you're my. Somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody. Yeah, do you think of me?. Every time the night falls down. So do you wonder what I'm doing now. Do you think of me?. Oh leave me, let me down. See, I just want to do it now. Do you think of me?. I say oh, oh, and oh, oh. Do you think of me oh, oh?. I never told you you're my. Somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody. I never told you you're my. Somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody, somebody, everybody. Do you think of me?. .  Yo yes yes yo Lock your door Die die die . Wyclef. I remember comin' from Hati growin' up in Brooklyn. On Flat Bush got my first sneakers tooken. Learn the game quick so I got my first device. Mom move to Jersey so we could get a better life. But little did she know a ghetto is a ghetto . Good time found myself like Jimmy Walker sayin' "Cello". Lauryn. Yellow cheese bus gettin' beatings if I cuss. Lay away another day in stripped Lees and letegrays. But the lyrical bomber momma tried to stop. Paranoid cause this boy around my neighborhood got shot. Name plate hair straight metal braces on my teeth. Fat laces on my feet when crack first hits the streets. Wyclef. I use to push up on a girl Salt 'N' Peppa Push It Push It. D's in school cause the music was my focus. Jokes in class but when I learned I didn't pass . I knew it was my ass with my mothers leather lash. Belt buckle said Nelly Nel similar to Melle Mel . Hits the third rail Beat Street made Gazzels sells. Lauryn. As the tale gets poetic watch the streets turn magnetic. Towanna Balley's rape is alleged. Hang out in y places watch streets corners turn to oasis. Young men aspire to be Scarfaces. . In the year of the dragon lots of men disappear. Quiet as it's kept they won't be around next year. Wyclef talking. Yo yo watch out for the black van Yo yo  planes. exploding yo close your door yo nobody's safe Halloween October   Yo. close your. door yo kids are disappearing Yo. Wyclef. Late at night the light was bright on the ave. I went to pick up cash from my cousin little Kev. He told me Joe had a dream in jail he got steamed. His wife became a fiend fuckin' little Raheim. Damn, drugs will make you do terrible things. He told me when he get out he's murdering by any means. The day came I saw him on the train . He pulled his gun and aimed and started firing like the son of Kane. I saw civilians runnin' for their life . Like the devil on judgement night running from Christ. Ice and Armarretto please as I fell to my knees. Being shot by Fergusin the vigilante. . Wyclef talking. So CNN nawhatI'msayin? Fergusin is at court and he's his own lawyer. youknowmean what's goin' on Talk to me This is definatly the last days. Jewish calendar has already arrived the year  Watch ya back watch ya. back watch ya back DIE DIE DIE DIE. Lauryn. Clef it kind of remind me of this chick I once knew. Use to be a dime now she's strung out in Bellevue. See the serpent played tricks run game like the Knicks. Build you up just to lose the championship. I seen her reminisce over Wu-Tang could It Be that Simple . She lost her Prince cause there were Thieves In the Temple. Tragic depression made her lose all her teeth. Lost and turned out gave her body to the streets. Sweet Mary don't you weep . Still water runs deep . So be carful of the company you keep. . Wyclef talking. Yo I'm frustrated youknowhatI'mean? Use to work at McDonalds just got. fired. If I get in I'm sprayin' everybody the boss the manager yo these are. definatly the last days Yo here he comes with his gun yo duck duck Black. Panther yo nobody's protected Yo -- watch your back don't get caught in. the rapture yo AIDS, Moses the plaque watch your back Pharoh let my people. go. Yo watch your back Last days Last days Nobody's protected Yo my little. sister is Rosey Sharen Yo yo nobody's protected Not even Rosey Sharen. Nobody's protected Yo you come try to get my sister I'm a get you first. I'm a be driving a hearse Cause nobody's protected . . Yeah . Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama, bitches and niggas servin'. Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama, don't even come to me with. Them bitches servin' drama, to the young Dhali Llama. Even stressing out my mama. I'mma trip, like my nigga Big Kip. When he had to put it down, servin' pounds of the chronic. Nigga, drama is a muthafucka. Bitches on my coat tail, while I'm bailing through the gutter. Comin' at me with a world of geez. Like, "It's your baby, and nigga, you gotta pay me". I'm like, bitch, now I done heard it all before. While I was fuckin', you was givin' up the drawers galore. Don't even come at me with drama. I told them niggas in the Palmer, you fucks with Jeff Dahmer. Aiyo, cedar block, heart stops, raw glocks pierce the chest. Another soul rest, broken spirits are now a walking flesh. God bless, relieve my stress, so we bang like migraines. Eternal pain, black rain, niggas speak my name. Burn 'em in the flames, desperate times, cause, wicked minds. Every line I spit, ready for apocalypse, hard to hit. Guard your shit, watch your skin rib torment. My niggas hate the government, I'm just a criminal rhyming over instrumentals. Yo fuck that shit, that bitch talking bout "That's my baby" . My moms said that bitch calling me like six times . This nigga talking bout he don't got my money, you got my money. I'm laying down the best in your clan, Melo's the man. Spitting out these razor sharp quotes, ending yo plan. Ain't nobody getting no shit, after I end it. These funny ass niggas talk shit, and I'mma end it. I'm killing the cypher with one word, you fucking nerds. Getting what, ever deserve, we mix and serve. I rock mics, just to get on, ending your song. With a "fuck you", fax on the blocks, and we gon' touch you. Rush you, back to the lab, I get it there. My lyrics straight weigh by the gram, nigga I'm dope. I got 'em all hanging by ropes, jocking my quotes. I got 'em all hanging by ropes, jocking my quotes. Yo, in this world in time, a young troop like me. Comes the P, why the fuck I see like I be. Making decisions on Earth, like seen and like a mirage. Glamour and glitter, coat it by a layer, sabotage. Much land I've seen, ride on this mission for the paper. No home for many miles, from this place is much greater. And I ain't too far, my own kicking ass self. With two g's, two cutties, and two, clips on the shelf. So I mash my craft, but yet, still maintain. So I'm hardest, I drive it drunk and freaky freaky with Mary Jane. Rescope my aim, get it back on cue. Kicking ass out these jay's, like a West Coast crew gon' do. Ain't shit new to this Suave don see, gritty and bring. Hit rocks or bomb green, crisp and clean. Like bills, now going up like kills in 'Frisco. Or good like Nabisco, those cookies be. Looking so nice so I grasp, meaning a bask. Continue swooping, that food caught jet lag. Now my pants sag, for constant stacking of the dollars. What to use your fusion tongue up, and putting a stomp down on drama. . Yeah . Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama, bitches and niggas servin'. Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama, don't even come to me with. Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama, I'm tryin' to keep away' from. Drama, drama, that's what they call it. Drama, drama. Them bitches servin' drama, to the young Dhali Llama. Even stressing out my mama. I'mma trip, like my nigga Big Kip. When he had to put it down, servin' pounds of the chronic. Nigga, drama is a muthafucka. Bitches on my coat tail, while I'm bailing through the gutter. Comin' out me with a world of geez. Like, "It's your baby, and nigga, you gotta pay me". I'm like, bitch, now I done heard it all before. While I was fuckin', you was givin' up the drawers galore. Don't even come at me with drama. I told them niggas in the Palmer, you fucks with Jeff Dahmer. It's that same shit that got my fam locked for ridin' with a burner. That same shit that made big Ike fight Tina Turner. That everyday block shit. When some niggas start and get killed, cuz they known to chill glock-less. All one, runnin' they lips til they're done. Your shine stop boy, like the eclipse of the sun. In fact, I move too strong, refusin' to fall weak. Just the bond and them jolly Northstars makin' a tweak. And you know if we was out for the bricks, we out to the beach. So one false move, and I'm slug to your speech. It would be one lesson, I'mma wish, I ain't have to teach. Like somebody grab these bangers and clean up the sweets. Easy drawer, rollin' up roaches, West Coastin'. Time floatin', throats chokin', minds brokin'. Men holdin', and them niggas don't pause. The grimiest of them all, smoke you til you fall. But watch your angles, men get tangled. Fuckin' with them Lost Angels, I know you see that. Rat-a-tat-tat, a knife to your back, how you like that?. All over some snaps, my niggas love to jack. Ask my nigga Shorty Mack, he's a G. Floatin' through the LB, creatively. I float, rollin' on a Northstar boat. All fags get chocked, get broke and okeedoke. Yeah, Black Knights, nigga, huh, huh. You know how we do, nigga, uh-huh. Yeah, you niggas know, uh-huh, uh, uh. I'm quick to do you in, my Ruger spin your foolish men. My team is whooligans, who swim laps through these pools of sin. Every day in Camelot, some one get shot a foul murder. Plus the blocks stay hot, from cops chasin' curb servers. Hit the gate quick, and sit up in a cell, take wasted. My brothers in the pen right now, takin' up stake flicks. He stated, insisted to trick you like a book of Matrix. He hate it, but he's a rider, so I know he'll make it. That nigga better watch his mouth, and jump off the couch. On my way, to my baby daddy baby mama house. He got a whole lot of nerve, drop the babies and the bottle. On the god damn curb. Three o'clock, pop lockin', on my way out the crib. Nigga, hit me on the cell, he off a four year bid. Six o'clock in the morning, when I opened the door. Seized by nigga made a palet, on my living room floor. I'm like, yo, hold up, you got me fucked up. You broke up in my chair, you dirty nigga bear. Dondada, bring the drama, like the end of the line. Gotta go, grab the four, cuz we check out time. Scheez by nerve, got the herb, so lay in the back of the cut. On meter maids, DA's, police and tow trucks. I got expired registration, on my form of probation. Of the Hennessey sensation, fuck the wishes obsession, drama. . To e'rybody in the struggle, we 'gon rise. Fame and fortune, and live the nacirema dream. Let's go. The nacirema dream, enjoyin life's finer things. I want my lady to live like a queen. She want her man to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream, big cars and diamond rings. I want my mother to live like a queen. She want her son to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream. God reveal my treasure. I always knew I would build my cheddar. Pop Chris like Webber, everybody who felt my pain. I want y'all to feel my pleasure. When people said I wouldn't get a deal I never. Listen 'cause who ain't told me I'm ill I'm better. But I still had to hustle so grams I measured. Always had a way out 'cause skills I endeavored . You jumpin over me to be the king not clever. You lose 'cause life is a game of chess not checkers. Ownin property, finally found the treasury I strive. To see away from the, jeopardy, robbery, ecstasy. No poverty whether your plan is treachery, lottery. You steal from, ebony to ivory. So now my mama don't got to worry kids don't got to worry. I got more dead presidents then a cemetery. . The nacirema dream, enjoyin life's finer things. I want my lady to live like a queen. She want her man to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream, big cars and diamond rings. I want my mother to live like a queen. She want her son to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream. Watchin that flat screen cable. Eatin like kwanzaa over the kitchen table. Everyday I'm gettin calls from another label. Remember when I use to boost more than jumper cables. Livin in this nacirema dream I'm able. To push the maybach like a extra day at april. I'm nice, I rock ice just like ike. Anyone Vanilla Ice, Ice-T, Just Ice. Ice Cube, ice dude, make the right move. I'm a leader niggas follow me just like rules. 'Cause I'm the Bed-Stuy, livin, ten pie flippin. Next guy gettin on the lex drive mission. Pump the best lie, givin, NY pimpin. Watchin Tel-i-vision in the lex I'm whippin. Nacirema dream, It's american spelled backwards. Livin the american dream is what I practice. The nacirema dream, enjoyin life's finer things. I want my lady to live like a queen. She want her man to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream, big cars and diamond rings. I want my mother to live like a queen. She want her son to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream. Fish don't fry in the kitchen  Beans don't burn on the grill . Took a hole, 'lot of t-ryin, just to get me a record deal . Now I'm way up in the big league  Gettin my turn at bat . As long as me rich, you and me baby. Ain't nothin wrong with that. I remember when they, use to call us the free lunch bunch. Now we sign autographs when they see us run. Hop in the airplane, then we up up. And away all day while you re-up chump. When we land in your city, they feed us lunch. We touchdown like, one two, three hut hut. I'm the reflection of this, I learned these tactics. Put the word in the mirror watch it reflect backwards. The nacirema dream, enjoyin life's finer things. I want my lady to live like a queen. She want her man to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream, big cars and diamond rings. I want my mother to live like a queen. She want her son to live like a king. It's bada bing, chi ching and bling bling. Nacirema dream. Nacirema dream, nacirema dream, nacirema dream, nacirema dream. . I don't, remember the first time I heard Kwe-li. I don't remember what I was doing. There were no remembered witnesses to my doings. But it seems like I've known him, forever. He who has, moved through mornings and midnights. Through, deaths and dawns. To document our bones our blood our lives. Listen, listen to his exact wings. Strumming mists from clouds. Listen, listen a man always punctual with his, mouth. Listen to his, revolution of syllables. Scoping lightning from his pores. Keeping time, with his hurricane beat. Asking us to pick ourselves up and become, THUNDER. Yeah, they say you can't please everybody. Let's go~ Yeah, ay, they ain't know what that sound like. Feel the heartbeat, feel the heartbeat. On your eardrum, we got a new heartbeat. Feel the heartbeat, feel the heartbeat. On your eardrum, we got a new heartbeat. Yo, what becomes of a dream deferred. that never makes it to the world to be seen or heard. Do it breathe? Do it got a heartbeat? Is it alive?. Do it leave, only to become a star in the sky?. I believe, no scratch that I know, this ain't my full potential. Only usin  percent of my mental on instrumentals. But incidentally my, energy heavenly. Can he be so ill there ain't no, pill or no remedy. The, maker of memories posess the recipe to your fate. Make no mistake there ain't no escapin your destiny. Especially when, 'til death do us part, like wedding rings. I'll be here forever, put that on e'rything. Your everything maaaaaaaaan. Your Alpha and your Omega, your beginning and your end. Your father, your brother, your lover your friend. The blood in your vein that gets spilled and, runs in the drain. That's right my flow one and the same, the joy and the pain. My name, the burner that destroy the toy and the train. All city all night I'm enjoyin the fame. I'm a hustler, I'm a gangster and a rebel with the rank of a general. In the battle between God or the Devil. I lay claim to your spirit, your religion, your belief system. I'll do your hit in your kitchen and you're relief pitchin. This kid proficient in, every position. The man of your dreams and your nightmares commandin your vision. 'Til it's quite clear like light beer, yeah I'm standin right here. I get you hot but stay cooler than the night air. I try to fit it in the same rhyme. But realize, I can't be everything to everyone at the same time. Your everything maaaaaaaaan. First time I heard him, I was in Japan. Seems like the first time I heard him was like, the Reflection, Reflection Eternal. Like when Kanye came out I guess was when I started to listen, I hate to say that but. New York native, and serious Talib fan. I came all the way from Puerto Rico just to see Talib Kweli. Him, Mos Def all of them man, I need them out here in my life.   It's a rainy morning in New York City. . Everything Is Everything. What is meant to be, will be. After winter, must come spring. Change, it comes eventually. . I wrote these words for everyone who struggles in their youth. Who won't accept deception, in--instead of what is truth. It seems we lose the game. Before we even start to play. Who made these rules? . We're so confused . Easily led astray. Let me tell ya that. Everything Is Everything. Everything Is Everything. After winter, must come spring. Everything Is Everything. I philosophy. Possibly speak tongues. Beat drum, Abyssinian, street Baptist. Rap this in fine linen, from the beginning. My practice extending across the atlas. I begat this. Flipping in the ghetto on a dirty mattress. You can't match this rapper slash actress. More powerful than two Cleopatras. Bomb graffiti on the tomb of Nefertiti. MCs ain't ready to take it to the Serengeti. My rhymes is heavy like the mind of sister Betty . L-Boogie spars with stars and constellations. Then came down for a little conversation. Adjacent to the king, fear no human being. Roll with cherubims to Nassau Coliseum. Now hear this mixture, where Hip Hop meets scripture. Develop a negative into a positive picture. Now Everything Is Everything. What is meant to be, will be. After winter, must come spring. Change, it comes eventually. Sometimes it seems. We'll touch that dream. But things come slow or not at all. And the ones on top, won't make it stop. So convinced that they might fall. Let's love ourselves and we can't fail. To make a better situation. Tomorrow, our seeds will grow. All we need is dedication . Let me tell ya that. Everything Is Everything. Everything Is Everything. After winter, must come spring. Everything Is Everything. Everything Is Everything. What is meant to be, will be. After winter, must come spring. Change, it comes eventually. . I was just a little girl. Skinny legs, a press and curl. My mother always thought I'd be a star. But way before the record deals. Streets that nurtured Lauryn Hill. made sure that I'd never go too far. Every ghetto, every city. and suburban place I been. Make me recall my days, in New Jerusalem. Story starts in Hootaville. Grew up next to Ivy Hill. When kids were stealing quartervilles for fun. "Kill the Guy" in Carter Park. Rode a Mongoose til it's dark. Watching kids show off the stolen ones. Every ghetto, every city. and suburban place I been. Make me recall my days, in the New Jerusalem. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Bag of Bontons, twenty cents and a nickel . Springfield Ave had the best popsicles. Saturday morning cartoons and Kung-Fu . Main street roots tonic with the dreds. A beef patty and some coco bread. Move the patch from my Lee's to the tongue of my shoes. 'Member, FreLng-Huysen used to have the bomb leather. Back when Doug Fresh and Slick Rick was together. Looking at the crew, we thought we'd all live forever. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Drill teams on Munn street. 'Member when Hawthorne and Chancellor had beef. Moving Records was on Central Ave. I was there at dancing school. South Orange Ave at Borlin pool. Unaware of what we didn't have. Writing my friends' names on my jeans with a marker. July th races outside Parker. Fireworks at Martin Stadium. The Untouchable PSP. where all them crazy nig-gaz be. And car thieves got away through Irvington. Hillside brings beef with the cops. Self Destruction record drops. And everybody's name was Muslim . Sensations and eighty-eight. attracted kids from out of state. And everybody used to do the wop . Jack ya jack ya jack ya body. Nah, the BizMark used to amp up the party. I wish those days, they didn't stop. Every ghetto, every city. and suburban place I been. Make me recall my days, in New Jerusalem. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. You know it's hot. Don't forget, what you got. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. Lookin back lookin back, lookin back, lookin back. . It could all be so simple. But you'd rather make it hard. Loving you is like a battle. And we both end up with scars. Tell me, who I have to be. To get some reciprocity. No one loves you more than me. And no one ever will. Is this just a silly game. That forces you to act this way?. Forces you to scream my name. Then pretend that you can't stay. Tell me, who I have to be. To get some reciprocity. No one loves you more than me. And no one ever will. No matter how I think we grow. You always seem to let me know. It ain't workin', It ain't workin' . And when I try to walk away. You'd hurt yourself to make me stay. This is crazy, this is crazy . I keep letting you back in. How can I explain myself?. As painful as this thing has been. I just can't be with no one else. See I know what we've got to do. You let go, and I'll let go too. 'Cause no one's hurt me more than you. And no one ever will. No matter how I think we grow. You always seem to let me know. It ain't workin', It ain't workin' . And when I try to walk away. You'd hurt yourself to make me stay. This is crazy, this is crazy. Care for me, care for me. I know you care for me. There for me, there for me. Said you'd be there for me. Cry for me, cry for me. You said you'd die for me. Give to me, give to me. Why won't you live for me?. . Reflection . Yeah so we got this tune called "Four Women" right. Originally it was by Nina Simone, and uh. She said it was inspired by, uh, you know, down South. Down South they used to call her Mother Antie. You know, she said no "Mrs", you know, just Antie, y'know what I'm sayin'. And uh, she said if anybody ever called her Auntie she'd burn. The whole God damned place down, y'know what I'm sayin'. But you know, we're moving past that, y'know what I'm sayin'. Coming into a new millenium, can't forget our elders. I got off the Two train in Brooklyn, on my way to a session. Said "Let me help this woman up the stairs" before I get to steppin'. We got in a conversation, she said she a hundred and seven. Just her presence was a blessing, and her essence was a lesson. She had her head wrapped and long dreads that peeked out the back. Like antenna to help her to get a sense of where she was at. Imagine that, living a century, the strength of her memories. Felt like an angel Heaven sent to me. She lived from nigger to colored to negro to black to afro. Then African-American then right back to nigga. You'd figure she'd be bitter in a twilight, be she aight. Cause she done seen the circle of life. Yo, my skin is black like it's packed with melanin. Back in the days of slaves she'd be packin' like Harriet Tubman. And, my arms are long like she moves like a song. Feet to corns, hands and calluses but the heart is warm. And, my hair is wooly and attract a lot of energy. Even negative she gotta dead that the head wrap is a remedy . My back is strong she far from a vagabond. This is the back the master's whip used to crack upon. Strong enough to take all the pain that's been inflicted. Again and again and again and again and then flip it. To the love for her children, nothing else matters. What do they call her, they call her Aunt Sarah. Harmonizing. I know a girl with a name as beautiful as the rain. Her face is the same but she suffers in unusual pain. Seems she only deal with losers who be using them games. Chasing the real brothers away like she confused in the brain. She try to get in where she fit in on that American Dream mission. Paid tuition for that receipt to find out her history was missing. And started flippin', seeing the world through very different eyes. People asking her what she'll do when it come time to choose sides. Yo, my skin is yellow it's like the face is blonde. Word is bond, and my hair long and straight, it's like Sleeping Beauty. See she truly feel like she belong in two worlds. And now she can't relate to other girls. Her father is rich and white, still living with his wife. But he forced himself on her mother late one night. They call it rape, that's right. And now she take flight from life with hate and spite inside her mind. To keep her up to the break of light a lot of times. I gotta find myself, I gotta find myself. I gotta find myself, she had to remind herself. They call her Siffronia, the unwanted seed. Blood still blue in her veins, and still red when she bleeds. Don't, don't, don't hurt me again . Teenage lovers sit on the stoops of a Harlem. Holdin' hands under the Apollo marquee dreamin' of stardom. Cause they were born the streets is watching and schemin'. And now they got them generations facing diseases. That don't kill you they just got problems and complications. To get you first, yo it's getting worse. When children hide the fact that they pregnant. Cause they scared of givin' birth. How will I feed this baby, how will I survive, how will this baby shine. Daddy dead from crack in ', mommy dead from AIDS in '. At  the baby hit the same streets they became a master. The children of being a slave, they grow a little faster. They bodies become adult while they keep the thoughts of a child. Her arrival into womanhood was hemmed up for her survival. Now she , barely grown, now on her own. Doing whatever it takes, strippin', working out on the block. Up on the phone talkin' about. "My skin is tan like the front of your hand. And my hair, well my hair is alright, whatever I wear when I fix it. It's alright, it's fine, but my hips these sway hips of mine. Invite you daddy when I fix my lips my mouth is like wine. Take a sip, don't be shy, tonight I wanna be your lady. I ain't too good for your Mercedes, but first you gotta pay me. Quit with all them questions, sugar, whose little girl am I. Why, I'm yours if you got enough money to buy. You better stop with them compliments, we running out of time. You wanna talk, whatever, we can do that it's your dime. From Harlem is where I came, don't worry about my name. Up on  they call me Sweet Thing". Harmonizing. Say what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what. Say what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what. What, what, what, what oooo~. A daughter come up in Georgia ripe and ready to plant seed. Left her plantation when she saw a sign even though she can't read. It came from God, when life get hard she always speak to Him. She'd rather kill her babies than let the master get to him. She on the run up North to get across to Macy Dixon. In church she learned how to be patient and keep wishin'. The promise of eternal life after death for those who God bless. She swear the next baby she have will breathe a free breath. And get milk from a free breast and love being alive. Otherwise they'll have to give up being themself to survive. Being maids, cleanin' ladies, maybe teachers, and college graduates. Nurses and housewives, prostitutes and drug addicts. Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they're born. There'll be mothers and lovers who inspire and make songs. But me, my skin is brown and my manner is tough. Like the love I give my babies when the rainbow's enough. I'll kill the first muhfucker to mess with me, I never bluff. I ain't got time to lie, my life's been much too rough. Still runnin' with bare feet, I ain't got nothin' but my sole . Freedom is the ultimate goal. Life and death is small in a hole in many ways. I'm awfully bitter these days. Cause the only parents God gave me; they were slaves. And they crippled me, I got the destiny of a casualty. But I'll live through my babies and I'll change my reality. Maybe one day I'll ride back to Georgia on a train. Folks 'round there call me Peaches; guess that's my name. . {Jay-Z , }. Jay-Z talking Sauce mothafuckin, jigga, jigga feel this. . This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel. me.  Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these. hoes. . If ya feel me .  . Yeah . Ladies know that when the sun's up I'm gone. . Fuck, now if I bring it niggas know whaat. . I take shorty to the rest blow her back out. sun dress undress throw her back out .  keep it moving. . keep shorty maced can't throw a - eight ball. know your place .  you don't imitate bitches.  so I hear you hate bitches?. . fuck them though, it's all out and. have a fall out I fucked ya girl. . If ya feel me . This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel. me.  Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these. hoes.  . . you must be used to me trickin' but we fuckin' tonight.  no wheelin' the whip. all night long just feelin' the dick be-i-itch. .  you just playin'. nigga you neva know what a chick could do.  check the shit jigga do.  mackin' the same bitch .  daddy like I you.  Ha how that sound?. women start to fall we all bat around. Let my whole team hit it . you never seen wit it . check for cream in it . got nu'hin to do wit these bitches. . This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel. me.  Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these. hoes. . If ya feel me .  .  what's that? Leave it for dead. Keep ya arm over ya face my nigga . . Stay fly 'til ya die nigga deep with prayer. . Ladies & gentlemen . . I'm the man fuckin' the tracks and you just foreplay. get a hit I, I come through, blow up, you spit out. What keep it cocked faithfully like salop . with one in the drop don't get hit up. . Look I done came up  thought a whole game up. meet me in the square with one in the chamber. . This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel. me.  Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these. hoes. . If ya feel me . This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya gun up  if ya feel. me. Fuck 'em all day  we don't love these hoes. <"Track Masters" is whispered softly  in background>.  if ya feel me if ya feel.  Yeah. This goes out  . . I'm feelin grouchy, saucy, hungry, raunchy. Need new sex, lookin for brunettes or blondies. Won't make 'em baby mommies I just want 'em to slob me. Sometimes that be the only thing that calms me. Police be actin like +Starsky And Hutch+. These fucks, schemin so they can charge me. Cops need collars, so they could feel bossy. Yo tried to get your collars up, you think you Fonzy?. I eat alot of fish and parsley. Green vegetables, sweet peas and broccoli. Drink alot of water so it could wash me. My homie told me stop eatin rappers, he tryin to starve me. I ain't startin trouble me but pardon me . Rappers get a little hot and start actin cocky. Maury Povich need to swab me. These dudes use to be my +Suns+ like Charles Barkley. You think you Scarface? I bag the shotty. And get rid of Tony like 'Melo and Amare. Man that's word to Gaddafi. Your war stories put me to sleep, I need some coffee. Braggin 'bout old work, that's beyond me. You ain't put in no work since Atari. Man you washed like the laundry. You a ex murderer like Ashanti. The back of the club that's where the Gods be. Bein all that we can be, me and my army. They said I can't rock a party. Gimme the mic I'm a rocket they better launch me. My music get judged harshly. Everybody makin comments they wanna blog me. Knowledge of the game they possess hardly. I call 'em a bunch of meatheads, like Archie. Haters say they wanna stomp me. I know how to weave and bob, no Marley. Get my way up out of the grave if I get bodied. Thuga Thuga they better bury me under concrete. Yeah King of New York. Yeah Yeah I'm the King of New York. Yeah Yeah I'm the King of New York. Yeah nigga I'm the King of New York. . Yeahhahaha. Vinnie P. Celph Titled, Apathy. Yeah, walk with me. It's the return of the most fucking grimy on Earth. It's a funeral in every single line of my . Your mind'll just burst, with every line of Solomon's curse. Fuck a hummer, Vinnie Pazienza driving a hearse. It climb to re, like the lyrics on a dirty record. I carry thirty weapons, burn you with my  Desert. Should learn to accept it, it's a path of destruction. I earn my wage with a  H you pass, we'll be buckin'. It's no fucking discussion, I'm as hard as granite. I hope my vocal will choke you and then orbit the planet. And then cross the Atlantic, Pharaohs is causing a panic. Arms will be brawling with planet, saw us and called the mechanics. My baby girl is a  cal . I used to tell my older brother, "Little shorty, wow" . But that was then daddy this is now. You can suck my dick you little fucking bitch, your block about to bow. You better make way, the motherfucking wolves are back. We back at it like a bad habit, no, we ain't having it.  You heard we came down.  if they make a sound.  We ain't backing down.  we ain't repping them. Get 'em? We got 'em .  - - > Onyx. Shoot 'em? We shot 'em .  - -> Ghostface Killah. Get 'em? We got 'em .  - - > Onyx. Shoot 'em? We shot 'em .  - - > Ghostface Killah. Fuck around with the Army and get a split wig. Like Santa Claus, bringing gifts to a crips' crib. Cause you're the type that a phony when you try to fight. Hide behind a bouncer and your homies when wild'n right. Nowadays, faggot nerd poets be trying to write. On the mic, looking like a Napoleon Dynamite. The foamiest fall, like foliage when they brawl. Tongue spit black magic, unholiest of all. Like the planets revolve around suns and space. I got plans that involve large guns and waste. I got flows that evolve beyond the human race. Try to spit 'em in your lips or off your tongue and your face. I'm toxic waste, I'm top-secret box lock the safe. I'm blocks with shot cops only dropped in lakes. I'm crack-rock and base with a cosmic taste. To put the fiends into space where the rockets race. Yo, is there heaven for a gangster? . No, but there's hell for a faggot. Put on my work outfit, with a belt for my ratchet. You gonna melt when the gats spit, shoot your mother at your funeral. She fell in the casket, how convenient is that shit?. Shoot a flare at my troops, and we letting the gats flame 'em. Put stairs in the booth, and we stepping our rap game up. I'm a boss, but I take orders, from gun exporters. Plus I got a keen sense for sniffing out tape recorders. You a snitch? We'll rape your daughter. And bring her down to the basement to tape record her. Get your best entertainment lawyer, cause we about to extort ya. Fake thug, Tom Sawyer, yeah I saw ya, we'll saw ya. With the Black and Decker, slice savagely. I don't gotta use God's name in vain to get my soldiers to blasphemy. And I won't say I'm the best since Rakim and Pac and them. Better yet, I'm the best since Mozart & Bach and them. . I'm feelin it fill the glass to the top with Moet. Feelin it feel the Lex pushin up on the set. I'm feelin it through the high that you get from the lye. Feelin it if you feel it raise your l in the sky. I keep it realer than most I know your feelin it. Cristal's on ice I like to toast I keep on spillin it. Bonecrushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this. On my back the flyest clothes, lookin ill and shit. Transactions illegitimate cause life is still a bitch; and then you die. But for now life close your eyes and feel this dick. Since diapers had nothin to live for like them lifers but . Makin sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher. We paid the price the circle of success they turned my mic up. I'm bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light your life up. If every nigga in your clique is rich yo' clique is rugged. Nobody will fall cause everyone will be each other's crutches. I hope you fools choose to listen I drop jewels bust it. These are the rules I follow in my life you gotta love it. Jiggy Jigga lookin gully in the joint . If y'all niggas ain't talkin 'bout large money what's the point?. (). Even if it ain't sunny hey I ain't complainin . I'm in the rain doing a buck  hydroplanin what shorty. . Maintainin puttin myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in. I'm livin the ill streets blues got you hunger painin. Nothin to gain and a whole lot to lose you still singin fool. I'm thorough in every boro my name be ringin. Warmin it up for the perfect time to hit your brain and . Ya Feelin it? to all the girls I bought the girdle to conceal my bricks. No doubt  they can vouch my life is real as shit .  south and poppy on the hill and shit. And all the towns like Cam that I killed wit shit. And all the thorough ass niggas that I hustle wit . Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit. These fake rappers cant really know I'm lovin it ya feelin it. () - repeat . What y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay hot?. The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch. I keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed I'd stop . Said she had dreams a sniper hit me with a fatal shot. It was nightmares ma. Them dreams you say you got, give me the chills. But these mills, well they make me hot - y'all don't feel me?. Enough to stop the illin right. But at the same time these dimes keep me feelin tight . I'm so confused; okay I'm gettin weeded now. I know I contradicted myself, look I don't need that now . It's just once in a blue and it's nothin to do and. the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through. I get to zonin - me and the chick on the L and then we're bonin. I freed my mind, sometimes I here myself moanin. Take one more toke then I leave that weed alone man. It got me goin shit. () - repeat . . I treat this like my thesis. Well-written topic, broken down into pieces. I duce then produce. Words so profuse it's abuse how I juice up this beat. Like I'm deuce, two people both equal. Like I'm Gemini, rather Simeon. If I Jimmy on this lock I could pop it. You can't stop it, drop it. Your whole crew's microscopic. Like particles while I make international articles. And on the cover. Don't discuss the baby mother business. I been in this third LP you can't tell me, I witness. First handed I'm candid. You can't stand it, respect demanded. And get flown around the planet. Rock Hard like granite or steel. People feel Lauryn Hill from New-Ark to Israel. And this is real, so I keep makin' the street's ballads. While you lookin' for dressin' to go with your tossed salad. You can get the money. You can get the power. But keep your eyes on the Final Hour. I'm about to change the focus from the richest to the brokest. I wrote this opus, to re the hypnosis. Whoever's closest to the line's gonna win it. You gonna fall trying to ball. While my team win the pennant. I'm about to begin it. For a minute, then run for senate. Make a slum lord be the tenant give his money to kids to spend it. And then amend it, every law that ever prevented. Our survival since our arrival. Documented in The Bible, like Moses and Aaron. Things gon' change, it's apparent. And all the transparent gonna. Be seen through, let God redeem you. Keep your deen true. You can get the green too. Watch out what you cling to. Observe how a queen do . And I remain calm reading the  Psalm. 'Cause with all this going on I got the world in my palm. You can get the money. You can get the power. But keep your eyes on the Final Hour. Now I be breaking bread sipping. Manichevitz wine. Pay no mind party like it's . But when it comes down to ground beef like Palestine. Say your rhymes, let's see if that get you out your bind. Now I'm a get the mozzarella like a Rockerfeller. Still be in the church of Lalibela, singing hymns a cappella. Whether posed in Maribella in Couture. Or collecting residuals from off The Score. I'm making sure I'm with the . I've been here before this ain't a battle, this is war. Word to Boonie. I makes a lot like a Sunni. Get diplomatic immunity in every ghetto community. Had opportunity went from Hoodshock to Hood-chic. But it ain't what you cop, it's about what you keep. And even if there are leaks, you can't capsize this ship. Cause I baptize my lips every time I take a sip . . Did I. Fuck around and drop the top on niggas. When them niggas thought I wouldn't. Did I. Fuck your bitch or something. What I did to ya why you fronting on me. Did I. Hit the trap and have it jumping. Turning nothing into something. Peeling off the corner flexing on them niggas. Shawty know a nigga came here from nothing. I got the gas on me. Being broke was the reason. Why all of these females would pass on me. Now I pull up in that S and I dash on them. And you know I don't spend any cash on them. When I'm pulling up inside that thang. You know I do my thing. And I drop the top on all these niggas in the way. And this is for the times a nigga shitted on me. You shitted on me, now you see the tables turning my way. So I gotta flex, I gotta flex, I gotta flex on you. For all of the times when I was a mess. And you tried to flex on me too. So I gotta flex, and I gotta flex, and flexing on you to. I know I'm wrong. Tell me what I did to you. Did I. Fuck around and drop the top on niggas. When them niggas thought I wouldn't. Did I. Fuck your bitch or something. What I did to ya why you fronting on me. Did I. Hit the trap and have it jumping. Turning nothing into something. Peeling off the corner flexing on them niggas. Shawty know a nigga came here from nothing. . A young nigga gotta hop out and do something. Gotta let the top down to prove something. Nigga you know I I I got news for you. Everybody know I'm paid only you fronted. The fame made a nigga lose a lot of friendships. The fame made these niggas do a lot fuck shit. Couple good girls that I lost to the cause. I gotta face facts we don't talk no more. Young rich nigga on his way up. My niggas up and I hope that they stay up. You know the devil working gotta pray up. And I just pray that all my niggas. Paid up and ball like lay up. I'm calling shawty calling. I do this often don't know what to call it. This shit exhausting but you know I'm all in. Drop the top on that thing when its gwanin'. When I'm pulling up the side of that thang. You know I do my thing. And I drop on the top on all these niggas in the way. And this is for the times a nigga shitted on me. You shitted on me, now you see the tables turning my way. So I gotta flex, I gotta flex, I gotta flex on you. For all of the times when I was a mess. And you tried to flex on me too. So I gotta flex, and I gotta flex, and flexing on you to. I know I'm wrong. Tell me what I did to you. Did I. Fuck around and drop the top on niggas. When them niggas thought I wouldn't. Did I. Fuck your bitch or something. What I did to ya why you fronting on me. Did I. Hit the trap and have it jumping. Turning nothing into something. Peeling off the corner flexing on them niggas. Shawty know a nigga came here from nothing. . Can't believe when I look back at how I did it. Fuck around and made something I made something. Made something. Made something of myself. I made something. . Hey yo, check this out, y'all. Since we almost at the last song. Won't y'all kick some of that fly-ass gangsta shit?. Alright. Once again, a black nigga named KMG. And now it's time to drop some real pimpin shit. Knowledge it, cause we livin like hustlers. Comin from USC. For those that don't know. That's the University of South Central. So bless the oz. Cautse his is somethin to jump on. Why, you can drink whatever. Like I said before, ain't nothin changed but the weather. 'bout to take you to a higher plateau of hustlers. Hustlers beyond control. Homies ranchin, rollin nationally, clockin hoes. We was there when the pimpin shit was put down. Yo, . . Yo, this shit is flowin. . Yeah, let's take our time and do it the way a player would. . Okay. Here we go, flowin on and on. What's this we're doin so well? That's the name of the song. Let's break it down, we're rollin nationally, clockin hoes. Well, just to turn em into freaks, but if they turn to foes. We don't need em, we know too many backstabbers now. In our face they say they're with it, behind they back they put us down. And try to clown a player like me,  from 'Mona. And my homie the rancher from the city of Toners. I hit a corner, cause they ballers in LA. We give our props to the homies that be clockin on the Trey. They sayin, "What's up, gees, tell me what's happenin. I heard you're clockin dollars, but you're still out there rappin". You should know, it's my cash flow, now I'm just hangin. With these beats called dope and these rhymes that I'm slingin. That are so fly, we can't deny, we must reply. If we twist it in two zags, we can all get high. Off this shit, it's so legit, label it Chronic. Cause if our rhymes was a robot, they'd all be Bionic. Get up and get with it, if not, we feel we're owin. Throw your hands in the air while we keep on flowin. Yo KMG, I think we got em locked on. See, flowin is a art from the heart of a player. So we gon' do the next one like this, man. People say we have such strange vocabulary. To find these words you need a underground dictionary. Plus trey lifetimes of the inner city knowledge. And to get this, boy, you see, you can't go to college. Now see, you gotta be around when the shit goes down. Not only spectating, man, you gotta throw down. Yeah, and check em in a bottle like if you were at Ceasar's. Or maybe over somethin like money and skeezers. That's why we got this rule first come, first served. And if you don't know the meaning, just listen to the words. I'm sayin, I don't be playin when I'm housin the scene. I keep my Locs on, because I know you on fiend. But I take them off, it's just because I'm scrappin. But I put em back on as I commence to rappin. Well, we do a show, rock the house and get paid. Take a bitch to the mote, then get laid. Send her home with a smile, cause it's worth her while. She's to the homies how she did it and she went the mile. I'm talkin whole nine yards, if you can understand. Cause I'm a playin muthafucka and I'm in demand. So flow on. See. Untouchable players in effect. Makin all the big pay-offs. Callin all the shots . Ballin. Punishin punk muthafuckas on the -gauges. I call on K-oss. Knowledge Over Sucker-Spinners. Dopeness jumpin off. Gots to be platinum-bound. OG G-O, a mack, a arson, a chiller and a killer. A double-dose of the mega-flex. Like all you gees that think you're niggas with attitudes. You ain't got it like that. Cause Ruthless done fixed that. . Fuck peace. I'm outta here. . Ayo the world ain't nothing new, just analyze the world. Cuz brothers getting wet up from the streets to the curb. I saw a preacher man smoke an herb on rd. That's my word from NYC to Pittsburg. We connect, one two live up in effect. On the set, Lone Catalysts, and you can bet. The moon shine devine, line for line. Then intertwine with mine this time and you will find. The illest operation ever known to mankind. The mind is a shrine, mentally we decline. And reach an elevation that'll sway the population. Cuz they;ve been waiting, so later for the conversation. It's time for motivation, shit, you've got the information. It's bumping through your speaker when you make the observation. My process of elimination, understand the world is what we're facing. Frontlines to the frontsteps of corporations. This is my application to the occupation to drop science on the nation like. Now would you want to take me if I take you. You know the world is nothing new, let me guide you through. J Sands and Makeba have a ride for you. Food for thought, we'll provide for you. Watch me spread my wings, flying high like a dove. With a touch from above, fitting perfect like a glove. One love to my peoples, after this, another sequel. A Lone Catalyst gliding my way. So I jumped on like a sun ray. I see peace for this day as we make the tide sway. As I commence to spray with the hopes of better days. Change is all good, take the old boards out the hood. Come to life, a sheep disguised in wolfs clothes. Leave the multitudes, three fish, five blows. You act like you know, catching feelings from your head to your toes. Foundation never change, I just keep living, thinking of a new beginning. Our minds are in synch which cause us to think. My mind made a smog like fire in the dark. Despite the events, no time to convince. If we're changing minds I'll flow with the times. If some don't realize, try not to despise. Thanks for picking me up for this ride. A-Alikes coencide when we when we turn a reprise. Reflect the mic's eye, reflect the mic's eye. You reflect the mic's eye. . Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us. Although them again we will never never never trust. Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo. Them not know what them do. Big out to yi while I'm stickin like glue. Fling, skin, grin while them plotting for you, true. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. . Forgive them father for they know not what they do. . Beware the false motives of others. Be careful of those who pretend to be brothers. And you never suppose it's those who are closest to you. To you. They say all the right things, to gain their position. Then use your kindness as their ammunition. to shoot you down in the name of amibition, they do. Ohhh. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. Why every Indian wanna be the chief?. Feed a man 'til he full and he still want beef. Give me grief, try to tief off my piece. Why for you to increase, I must decrease?. If I treat you kindly, does it mean that I'm weak?. You hear me speak and think I won't take it to the streets. I know enough cats that don't turn the other cheek. But I try to keep it civilized like Menelik. and other African czars, observing stars with war scars. Get yours in this capitalistic system. So many caught or got bought you can't list them. How you gonna idolize the missing?. To survive is to stay alive in the face of opposition. even when they comin, gunnin I stand position. L's known the mission since conception. Let's free the people from deception. If you looking for the answers then you gotta ask the questions. And when I let go, my voice echoes through the ghetto. Sick of men trying to pull strings like Geppetto. Why black people always be the ones to settle?. March through these streets like Soweto, uhh. Like Cain and Abel, Caesar and Brutus. Jesus and Judus, backstabbers do this. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. It took me a little while to discover. Wolves in sheep coats who pretend to be lovers. Men who lack conscience will even lie to themselves, to themselves. A friend once said, and I found to be true. that everyday people, they lie to God too. So what makes you think, that they won't lie to you?. Forgive them father for they know not what they do. . Forgive them father for they know not what they do. . Gwan like dem love while dem rip you to shreds. Trample pon yuh heart and lef yuh fi dead. Dem a-yuh friend who yuh depen pon from way back when. but if you, gi dem yuh back dem yuh mus meet yuh end. Dem not know what dem do do. Dem not know what dem do do. Dem not know, dem not know, dem not know, dem not know. Dem not know what dem do do. . "I know" [x]. Now I know I don't love you like you love me. But I like what we got and I would hate if it got ugly. Other than that . I really don't know shit. Except I like my warm hugs from a real cold bitch. Not cold as in ice or cold as in demeanor. But cold as in you gotta look twice when you see her. Agree to stuff you wouldn't agree ta. In your right mind. Greet her and whenever you meet her, a little light shines. Pipe line dreamin' on a California sunset. Walkin' hand and hand, all we missin' is that one step. But commitment is forbidden. For a travel ridden rhyme writer, I'm hopin' that in hindsight . I didn't overlook the one. So I'm goin' overboard hopin' that we overcome. If it's over and it's done, overall it was fun. But I'm over thinkin' now so I hope the  will come. And I . The God in me . The God in you  . Is, hard to see . All the wrong we do but.  Time will tell and.  Lies will fell if.  I prevail.  I owe it all to myself. Now all you really know is that you don't know shit. And the more you don't know, the closer that you get. The closer that you come, the further that it seems. And you trip because you're just a thought's distance from your dreams. The God in me. The God in you. Is, hard to see, all the wrong we do. The strong are few, but the weak's so numerous. We steady losin' people to the evil that's consumin' us. Trust in the creator. And the beauty in yourself . Try to see it in your neighbor. I'm a Raider Of a Lost Ark. Header for your pop chart. Simple twist of fate away from workin' at your Wal-Mart. Thanksgiving everyday that I'm livin'. The life, the dream. Of what seems to be division. The goal, the game plan. On the whole, I'm a changed man. I had to gain control, a lost soul in this changed land. I found discipline. I found Nick again. A sound system and the, crowd listenin'. A fish to water with a, rip to slaughter it. And those that didn't witness are gonna wish that they saw the shit but. And I . The God in me . The God in you  . Is, hard to see . All the wrong we do but.  Time will tell and.  Lies will fell if.  I prevail.  I owe it all to myself. . Yo, what's happenin, man?. Yo, they tryin to come down on the ATL when whe speak. They say we on a negative tip. What's up?. Now I'ma kick a way-out style that's smoother than usual. It's from Above The Law, so see, it's crucial. Hype beats are kickin and rippin, yo, with a funky touch. It's done the Ruthless way, some say it's too much. D-o-p-e, please don't misdefine it. That's the way that I live and, that's the style of my rhyme. That's on time, just like your watch keeps tickin.  on my side, so that my knowledge keeps stickin. Now what's really known as a radio cut?. When you can's say  and you can't say . I really think you wanna hear it. But the radio stations, you see, they still gonna fear it. Yo, I thought this country was based upon freedom of speech. Freedom of press, freedom of your own religion. To make your own decision, now that's baloney. Cause if I gotta play by your rules, I'm bein phoney. Yo, I got to cater to this person or that person. I got to rhyme for the white or the black person?. Why can't it all be equal?. Music is a universal language for all people. I better get off the rebellious tip. Before somebody out there say I'm startin to slip. I ain't trippin, I'm steadily flowin and throwin. Givin you a dope style. Keepin me on top of the pile. Cause ATL'll soon take over the nation. And if you don't wanna hear us, well, change the station. Boo I sneak in your mind your mind. Sink in your mind, creep from behind. So fast that you won't have time. To deny a brother that's from the streets. Tryin to teach, hopin to reach. Yo, 's not one that's known to preach. But I wish for each to have freedom of speech. . They'll milk you to make it understood. They make it good, so that it taste real good. To you, so see, you fall right in it. Your minds are small, they feed you like infants. Like children they'll bring you along. They say we're wrong for makin a rap song. But ATL'll hit you straight up jam after jam. Long as we say what we want, make our stamps, we don't give a damn. Those that wanna sell out need to get the fuck out the business. Cause they ain't doin nothin but bluffin. Me, I get wild every rhyme I release. Whether I talk about violence or talk about peace. Cause violence is somethin that happens in society. When people are livin low and don't kow where they can go. But peace, I think we all want peace. But it's too much to face, and it's too far to reach. Whether I say my rhymes fast, slow, sloppy or neat. See, I wish when I'm doin, to have freedom of speech. . Now if they ban me, I don't give a fuck. Chalk it up as experience . Because I'm ballin with Laylaw's clout. And if he say that it stays, the shit comes out. Cause in the early days when rap first began. Some fool jumped up and said it soon would end. But nowadays I hear song after song. And it proved to me that the fool was wrong. So yo, cut the bullshit, all set aside. It's time for the people to realize. About the things that happen in the ghetto which those try to hide. When they know we just strive to survive. . But when he gets it . Now see, there's just one more thing I have to talk about. 'bout how they say rap music is turnin kids out. You got to give your child credit for what he can do. Plus the way that they're raised is really up to you. Rap music, a form of literature. Words and verbs and adjectives. Painted up like a picture. Yo, it's gonna hitcha, yo, it's gonna getcha. And when I'm all finished up, it's gonna fitcha.  station to station . So strong that it's keepin the pace, and. We will speak out on any situation. But while we're doin. Yo, we gotta have freedom of speech. Yeah - see, that's how we had to do that. Yo, I gotta give it up to all my homeboys. That got freedom of speech. Yo, Cold . Ice Cube. MC Ren. The deadly Dr Dre. Eazy-E. The G-o M-a-c-k. Total Koss housin thangs. Ruthless in the muthafuckin house. Yo, to my homie DOC. And Laylaw with the clout. And we out. .  One. I'm done talking. Ran up in the spot gun smoking. Shot it in the air, one woke him. Sun-soaking, sweating in his bed like Dunlo. Thinking to himself what done provoked him. His thoughts is racing like a vulcan. I swear I saw a lightbulb when. He finally figured out who was the culprit. I said yeah, remember me from Friend or Foe when. I told you don't ever ever come around here no more. Time to pay now, you try to rise, I wave the gun - lay down. This time you're really going to listen to Jay now. I try to talk sensibly, hoping that eventually you realize. I had this locked and it just wasn't meant to be. Plus I had sympathy when we all wore rams with your keys. And it wasn't afterthought that maybe you'll try to revenge me. But I was like "Nah", Chromes had to know he was wrong. And if you caught me on the foul now you would sing me the same song. Plus you promised. And that's really no fun . Yeah I find you in this Motel  with all these guns. And all your goons, lined up in adjoining rooms. Like some wild cowboys coming to get me at high noon. But my mind's like a flower in bloom.  my eyes just scower the room. I'm alert, plus I paid the clerk I got it laid out. You think you the first nigga I played out, in a  hotel town? . Come on now, I peep your Lexus at you. Left the exit got some niggas on that side of the town. Money well invested, rudely interrupted. Jamaican accents  . A gun in your face and that's all you can come up with?. I'm done talking, back up and clap them, one in the abdomen . Do me a favor dude, get  ice cubes I pass them. Take that ice up, for the nicest MC. And please yo, tell BIG, he's unbelievable . Friend or foe BIOTCH. . I wanna get them drugs from ya. Tonight I'm goin' hard for ya. Tonight she takin' all of me yeah. Fargo. I wanna get them drugs from ya. Speedin' from the law for ya. We fuck like friends with benefits. I wanna get them drugs from ya. Tonight I'm goin' hard for ya. Tonight she takin' all of me yeah. Fargo. I wanna get them drugs from ya. Speedin' from the law for ya. We fuck like friends with benefits. All night, all night. Put your hands high, hands high. Screamin' for them girls, for them girls. On the other side, other side. I know that you'll know all night, all night. Put your hands high, hands high. Screamin' for them girls, for them girls. On the other side, other side. Ooo when you gettin' off work late, well it's okay. It's gettin'. Ooo, you callin' all your friends. To get them ready cause you get. So much Indica, so much indoor smoke. It's hard to breathe. You don't get this turnt all that usually. Got a nigga, she don't gotta sweat. It's sad I know, I gotta say. From LA I gotta leave now. Just let me pop it 'fore I gotta jet. Girl, you got somethin' I just gotta get. I wanna get them drugs from ya. Tonight I'm goin' hard for ya. Tonight she takin' all of me, yeah. Fargo. I wanna get them drugs from ya. Speedin' from the law for ya. We fuck like friends with benefits. All night, all night. Put your hands high, hands high. Screamin' for them girls, for them girls. On the other side, other side. I know that you'll [?] all night, all night. Put your hands high, hands high. Screamin' for them girls, for them girls. On the other side, other side. Ooo you always get me lit, that late, late night. Cause you get yeah, how you. Leave the  front on you there. They ain't pay to get it done. but want they fingers in your hair . Bitches with babies asking for dollars. Talkin how they get this Prada. But don't know they baby father. An shorty run around with Gucci on her feet. With a Gap outfit, like that shit is really sweet . Niggaz who charge fifty is shitty . Wack ass albums, nigga come get me . Bath the hottest though, who fuckin wit me. Not that nigga in your box, you really think that nigga hot . Some say that kid ain't nice, cause that song to hot. No that kid didn't write, like I don't ghost write. Like I don't flow tight, who that nigga. that just figure that he wont go like. You know them broads who came at me wrong like. "Boo you look young," but don't know that I'm grown . This is for my teams on the block. push green or da rocks 's in them glocks . Bitch ass cops with hand triggers . Protect shit and air niggaz. Just a bunch of hate crimes like rape and Louima. And murdering Diallo spittin slugs for no meanings. And they feel its okay, when they set up OJ. But they wanna bag Jay and Puff and throw the key away . Hollywood rappers who never sold that. Get they jewelry, last week it was gone . Bring back them ''s everybody ain't rich to go add on the  . Thats right you only live once. Fuck it, spend how you wanna go. Trick on them stunts, if you do a little Ex. Or, hit a few blunts. Get High Get Crunk. Have fun Get drunk . Niggaz who come at you with tapes. Like, "It easy cause you signed" and they wont have to wait . Hearing out every beat weight, when you find what you like. Shit, it ain't on the tape . Look dogs I'ma be grave, fuck a feature they don't want. This shit is hot anyway, any day we can battle dog  for . Fuck will I'ma curse, matter fact, FUCKIN JERK  . Aye shorty, if you gon' get the Gucci shoes, get the Gucci outfit to match. Gap don't match with that shit maYa heard?. Harlem is back, expect it and respect it nigga. but girl you got anything to say? NAH FUCK THAT . Yo, yo, you hear that?. Yo, turn that shit up, that's that new Fes Taylor shit. That's that Two  War Entertainment shit right there. Yeah, yeah. If I win or lose, depends on my reaction to the world. And I'm asking for the world, and my jewelry I flash 'em for the girls. Bagged the baddest bitches in the party, love 'em natural with curls. We wolves but we acting like a squirrel, I'm just trying to get a nut. Lay up for the winter with a Playboy slut. Cuz my lawyer telling me, that my case ain't shut. And the judge gon' hit me if I don't shape up. But I know the Lord with me if I don't wake up. So I ain't really scared to die, be a man, face up. Just waiting for you to stay something. So I could pull a SK out and spray something. Just like I'm game hunting, and I ain't fronting. Quick to diss a bitch if she ain't slutting. Back and forth strokes like I'm paintbrushing. I'm like Rocky when he faced the Russian. I'm so cocky in the  with gear, you niggaz taking buses. You should fuck with me, together we could run the city. You the type to send the cops to come and get me, I do a buck . Speeding on the West Shore Expressway, see if you could keep up with me. You could find me with an Asian chick that lust dick. Do amazing shit with her mouth and make me bust quick. These lame ass rappers, acting like I just spit. Before the glamour and glitz, my click pushed bricks. And hold hammers we spit, you flinch, get nailed. Like I'm on some animal shit, they caged me in jail. Just like my moms raised me in Hell, with the heart of an angel. Gave me a small part of herself, 'til I'm filthy rich, pardon my wealth. I know it make you broke niggaz sick, looking like my car moving stealth. Payback much worse, for the scar that I felt. I bet you boys won't bother to help. Son, I tustled with bosses, run with enforcers. My birthstone, diamond, threw a couple in crosses. So, I'm taking no losses, even when the D's toss us. I ain't did shit, why you niggaz giving me plea offers?. Yeah, y'all niggaz bugging, man. I was just in the fucking studio. Check my fucking alibi. Yo, matter of fact, whatever, my mothafucking phonecall. You call my lawyer, tell Real Deal to post bail, man. Please officer, save it for the first time felon. All the screaming and yelling, I ain't telling, shit. Never been a snitch, I was peddling nicks. Being watched be the federal dicks, did several sticks. When metal the grip, I level the strip. Might bulldozer ya building, pebble the bricks. LIS flipped cuz a nigga said he stepped on his kicks. It's Two  War repping this shit, I crept in a . He slept 'til he hit, fronting like he had a vest and a weapon to get. The specialist spit, it's Fes Taylor, ya boy back hard. Like the Two Six Mob in ', you a corn on the cob. I grew up around gangstas, who showed me the ropes. My life ain't nothing like an episode of the soaps. Guaranteed, blowing ya folks. Before they sing ya song to the police, blowing the loc'. I'm holding ya throats . . Gather round, I'm glad everybody came out tonight. As we stand on our neighborhood corner. know that this fire that's burning represents the passion you have. Listen, Keisha, Tammy, come up front. I recognize all of you, every creed and color. With that being said, fuck your ethnicity, you understand that?. We gon' talk about a lot of shit that concerns you, all of you. Now everybody throw your hands up high. If you don't give a fuck throw your hands up high. Throw your hands up high. Now I don't give a fuck if you. Black, white, Asian, Hispanic, goddamn it. That don't mean shit to me. Fuck your ethnicity nigga. Fire burning inside my eyes, this the music that saved my life. Y'all be calling it Hip Hop, I be calling it Hypnotize. Yeah, Hypnotize, trapped my body but freed my mind. What the fuck are you fighting for? Ain't nobody gon' win that war. My details be retail, man I got so much in +store+. Racism is still alive, yellow tape and colored lines. Fuck that, nigga look at that line, it's so di. They getting off work and that wanna see Kendrick. Everybody can't drive Benzs, and I been there, so I make it my business. to give 'em my full attention, ten-hut, man I gotta get my wind up. Man I gotta get down with God cause I got my sins up, oooh. Matter of fact, don't mistake me for no fucking rapper. They sit backstage and hide behind the fucking cameras. I mosh pit, had a microphone, I tossed it. Had a brain, then I lost it, I'm out of my mind. So don't you mind how much the cost it, penny for my thoughts. Everybody please hold up your wallets. Yeah man, I'm the mailman, can't you tell man?. Going postal, never freeze up when I approach you. That's star-struck, and roast you, oh my, HiiiPoWeR. I'm tired of y'all, cause everybody lied to y'all. Do you believe it? Recognize them false achievements. It's treason and I'm Tylenol, I knock out when you knock it off. Knock of the doors of opportunity, I'm too involved. I'm no activist, I'm no Einstein, before calculus I was kicking in math. Dropping that science like an alchemist, and I be kicking that ass. Lyrically I'm UFC. If a UFO had came for me I'ma come back with the head of alien. Don't alienate my dreams, get it right, get a life. I got two, that's a metaphor for the big shit I do. Boy, TMI, TSA, man I'm fly. Put wings on my back, that a plane or angel? Both. Like a pilot with a halo, whoa, gross. sung. I don't mean nothing, so many things come through. them, him, her, you, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. I'm just a messenger. Yeah I know life's a bitch, get the best of her. Put them threes up, they notice that we up. HiiiPoWeR, and the power, and the people, and if they don't believe us. they'll die. Wizard. . Yeah, yo, Def Squad, Full Cooperation on this one yo, total concentration. Wassup wit these cats out there?, I don't think they figured, son. I don't think they hear you son, ha ha. Now first but not least you will respect Keith, lay a nigga down. Like a doo-rag in some grease, you must be crazy tryin to play me. I been dedicated since King Tut the third baby. Lyrical chemist rhyme minister, diminished you for the benefit. Then continue to kill shit for the fuck of it, I see y'all been writin. Still bitin, still lookin lame, half y'all niggaz still soundin the same. I'm excitin when live on stage, when receiting in lighting, frightening. lightning. Throwin thunder in chain, when i first came, I gave birth to a million MC's. In the game, who should all carry my last name. And I'm Gonna Get You Sucka like Damon Wayans, and fame like Jermaine. Bring pain and novacaine, okay y'all lil monkeys wanna play?. My Squadron brings the art of war the correct way .  . . I need your full cooperation and total attention. There's a few things I'd like to mention, these rappers out here swear they're. So appealing I, step to your business and hurt your feelings. Okay, well thinkin it's okay to rhyme that way, you'll be POW, MIA. And I'm seven steps ahead of you, five from eternity. An all that shit you kick just don't concern me, I separate the dead from . The chump, ask a nigga blunt, "Yo, how many lumps you want?". So flavorous you could taste it, so hardcore I wrote this layin on the floor. In the basement, my style ain't no walk in the park, got mainstream MC's. Scared to rhyme after dark, an there Ain't No Half-Steppin. I'm reppin like a nuclear weapon, manifestin the Immaculate Conception. Lyrically I rape an MC like sodomy, add tragedy, to your odessy. For battle reservations call --SQUAD, frontin on us. Is like frontin on God. . Now when we take it there, these three niggas in the square. My squad hangs out like fourhundred pounds in braziers. My deathrow allines, bein signed then aligned to electric. So it clear like a chair in Texas, HOT, approach wit extreme caution. No horsin around when my squad abortion a sound. Our crew's like Smokey off sokey, even Little Bo Peep, your style is weak. Guard your Rollie, wit all the ice in it, I snatch the ice out and put a price. out. Cop a Benz, put my mom in it, as long as I'm alive I'mma keep the vibe. -, .  . . It's a gangsta gangsta ride. On the nutty danger side. As we ride, dip and slippin. Take your mind, on a high. Yo yo, from that DPG nigga to the CP. Back to the house, East to the West. Now take it BACK to the South. You know how I switch my flow. If I'm lapsin you glad niggaz'll get mad then, hit the flo'. Gotta bag me some dank so I, hit the sto'. In the winter it's the Hummer for the summer it's the, six-fo'. Got niggaz mad at me   Cause they can't get no six. Bitches upset with me   Cause they can't get no dick. I'ma be on top of the game whether I'm, broke or rich. I don't stop once I'm on top I just drop mo' hits. I'm in the club with the thug, I just pop mo' Crist'. Tell Snoop to get the Coupe his new shit I just, gots to go get. Cause when I cock my shit, usually I pop my shit. Tell all you teary eyed females gettin over-offended. cause I don't jock no chick. I'm the Boss, and I don't follow no person, I follow Jesus. Y'all blame a bunch of kids, so I gotta roll my Adidas. . Boom bam as I step in the jam, god damn. Don't need no duction, cause you know who I am. The S-N-double-O-P, the only, fo' sho'. Now motherfuckers let me hear you say hoe. I spit ya, spat at ya, whoot wham, get at ya. Rider, I threw a slider, right at ya. Mash ya, gat ya, drip-drop the hatchet. Keep the party crackin, while I'm steady rappin. This game we run, y'all know what's happenin. We back in effect, we got the heat on deck. I'm slidin down South with a blunt in my mouth. I catch a plane out East and try to make some peace. I'm hangin with my niggaz in the projects. The homie's throwin a party, I gotta get back West. Oh yeah -- that's right, we are the best. No Limit DPG Southwest connects, ya feel me?. . Keep it gangsta. Keep it gangsta, keep it gangsta dogg. Keep it, keep it gangsta dogg. Yeah, we keep it gangsta dogg. Fo' sho', we keep it gangsta dogg, what?. Yeah, I wanna say whattup to all them gangstas . out there on the Eastisde.  Yeah. . Y'all niggaz need to point the guns in the right directions. Ya know, ya heard?.  .  Snoop and Silkk talk to  . . And God said let us make man in our image . According to our likeness . Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea. over birds of the air, over the cattle, and over all the earth. Projected image across my soul saying can't . Many death situations but that ain't . I got the spirit of an angel mixed with demoniac ways of livin. So this means I'll beat the evil out of a non-believer until praise is given. . Torcher is evil though it says in the . You got to be righteous spirited for the . I'm righteous and wicked but I wonder . If there's a heaven but on earth it's . Connected with angels but to demons . Approachin with hate oh yes it's . Like denouncing Selena at . Certain death  Oh no. I'm on the road to heaven and hell. Don't even bother me ever since eleven and twelve. I've been that prodigy though life has never been swell. Somewhere there's gotta be where a good samaratin prevails. But they get straight sodomy. So I learned the ways of man. Grands. Fillin my pants. Gun in my hand. For the demons on the land. On the other hand I really am. An-ghellic. I ain't got to stress if you can't tell it. Look into my eyes. No surprise. I'm half cupid half relic . He who treads the path of the best is also he who sins are repentable. But if you ever, ever ever ever hurt a God then we gotta do away with the. genitals. Don't ever do somethin you'll regret. Do away with all these goody goody law abiding mothafuckas and let there be. Tech nigga. If anybody say "Fuck me". Everybody say "Fuck you". Cause they know my shit's pure. Soul serving and plus true. If anybody say "Fuck me". Everybody say "Fuck you". Odd one Tech got that God Complex. Get on your knees and pray. If you step in our way. Cause we spray til they decay. The ones who hate everyday. But how long? . How long? .  No.  Slow.  Flow.  Blow. I've been too humble wit y'all niggas. Time to rumble wit y'all niggas. Me and Don Juan forever we gettin figures. Me and the Rouge Dawgs are kickin it gettin richer. All these fools thinkin they gonna stop me. I'm about to make us a million just watch me. Everybody thinkin they heated but they sloppy. Nigga, that's why you never be sellin copies.  Rise above all of you regardless of . That ain't got shit to do with Tecca the . Bust on you rapper cats and proceed to . I be seein em down at Mardi Gras gettin flows off. Everything gettin showed off. Not me, tryin to mock me on record head gettin blowed off. Freestyle I admire. But every week you givin away fire. Your rappers license expired. Leavin nothin to be desired. Oh God Bless this particular rapper in KC. No matter how hard you try, you can't fuck with me. First, learn how to do es then try to get people to trust you. If anybody say "Fuck me" everybody say "Fuck you". Get on your knees and pray. If you step in our way. Cause we spray til they decay. The ones who hate everyday. But how long? . How long? . If I offended you in any way . Either that or you just plenty gay . You don't give a damn you're just enjoyin the flow. To all the people who were offended. I'm about to offend you some mo'. Is God. White, brown, green, red, or even blue?. Is he American, Arabic, Mexican, or even Jew?. Everybody wanna be the special and wanna be the chosen few. Everybody wanna be but they gonna be through. Til you do right by me, everything that you do is gonna be wack. Eveything you built is bout to crack. Everything you did to me is comin back. No where to scat. And I say that. Cause I know Jesus Christ and God is black. And they comin back nigga. Jeah Nigga. Like I said, me and Don Juan. Best motherfuckin rapper, best motherfuckin producer. Globally, in Kansas City wherever nigga. And all y'all haters, remeber this. If anybody say "Fuck me". Everybody say "Fuck you". Cause they know my shit's pure. Soul serving and plus true. If anybody say "Fuck me". Everybody say "Fuck you". Odd one Tech got that God Complex. Get on your knees and pray. If you step in our way. Cause we spray til they decay. The ones who hate everyday. But how long? . How long? . . Yeah  Huh.  Yeah  What. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Yeah. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Huh. I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  . I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  . Bitch nigga get at me. I carry that thing in my Gucci belt . I look at the world through my Gucci glasses . I carry a bird in my Louis bag . You get me forty two stacks you could have it . I got the bakin soda in my 'frigerator . I got the Zip lock bags in my cabinet. I'm ridin with Thuga in that new whip . We see our enemies then we stop in traffic, bitch nigga get at me. Mama ain't raised no savage. But if you want me you better pay yo' balance. Them Brooklyn niggas they so violent, you a deadbeat shooter. Ain't man enough to raise yo' ratchet. Screamin you the best, but you ain't no Khaled. I gotta bird in my car and it ain't no parrot. Big homie? That ain't yo' status. I got them clips on my hip, and they ain't No Malice. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Yeah. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Huh. I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  . I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  I'm reppin my gang, Yeah  . Bitch nigga get at me. I be in the clubs throwin bottles up . We gettin money I be where them stacks be . Bitch boys say they waan do sum'n . But they never ever get at me . If I ain't in head up, I'm on Lafayette . It ain't hard to find Mr Mackie . Bitch boys say they waan do sum'n . But they never ever get at me, bitch nigga get at me. Pop hammers fly clothes watch wearer. iphone  cameras, my flows got clearer. Grind healer dime scrambler, I am a wise planner. None of y'all drop grammer like the man in my mirror. Yacht sailor shot blammer cop scarer. Turn this track to a dead beat, like a man who can't buy pampers. Curse like a song bitch, motherfucker god dammer. Man I run this shit like, Mylanta tell 'em get at me. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Yeah. Bitch nigga get at me Yeah Bitch nigga get at me Huh. I'm reppin my gang, yeah I'm reppin my gang, yeah  . I'm reppin my gang, yeah I'm reppin my gang, yeah . Bitch nigga get at me. . Y'all ain't doin' jack shit, just a buncha has beens. What the fuck happened? why you stop rappin?. Huh?. I'm the future, tryna ball like a hoopa. Attack a beat like a cougar, rouga [?]. Who da dude that wanna come and talk shit. I'm so fly, high up in my cock pit. The tapes comin' boy wait until I drop it. It's some hot shit I know you gon cop it. It's like tha carter  mixed with da chronic . Plus some big l and nas hits. I tell em watch this, start spittin out rockets. Light a beat up like some fiber optics. Pause you ain't seen this yet kid. Ressurectin this DMX diff. On tracks I be doin them BMX flips. Sex chicks and move on up to the next bitch. Big like texas don't mess with tha freshest. Yeah I spin electric my set is the best. In the PA, country, continent, the world. Cryin lil bitches I ain't startin with you girls. It's Mac  It's Mac jump back. Dumb raps and my lungs is black. Uhh yeah it's mac, say it again. Chest collapse when you takin it in. I'm playin to win spittin it right. We just a couple a kids livin the life. And I'm stayin sharp like the end of a knife. And ya girl come to me cause you ain't hittin it right. Haha ay yo that's how it go down, don't even need a  for this shit know what I'm sayin?. I'm just keep on spittin let this camera keep rollin' and shit. Lesson, if you wanna play with da kid. See don't come bull shittin sayin you spit. Say you, up and comin but just buggin. I don't rap for the stacks I rap cause I rap. And mac be the cat with the haze and the dro. Games for the doe I'm the next up to blow. Stretchin the flows I'm that all white. Yeahh. And spark mic's like a shark bite. You as bright, bout as bright as a car light. Hahaa. And you ain't tight you just all right. I'm as nice as a calm night. Chillin with some broads bout as raw as a bar fight. Cannon on me any more the base bumpin through tha floor. Make veterans feel like they ain't did it before. I'm a black belt bitch get ya ass kicked. My weed bomb you could smell it through the plastic. Take a whiff, please all ya senses. In this rap shit they call me God's apprentice 'cause. They say the kid got the hardest sentence. Feelin like a pitch from Roger Clemens. That's how it go down. You know how it is all day. Mac miller, easy mac the juke box. Play any beat muhh fucker, I'm a murder it. Career criminal. Serial killer. . 	Fuck bitches, get money fuck niggaz, get money . 	Uhh, check it out. You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo'. Play Nintendo with Cease and Nino. Pick up my phone say, "Poppa not home". Sex all night, mad head in the morn'. Spin my V, smoke all my weed. Tattoo on tit-tie sayin B-I-G, now check it. You wanna be my main squeeze baby. Don'tcha, you wanna gimme what I need baby. Won'tcha, picture life as my wife just think. Full length mink, fat X and O links. Bracelets to match, conversation was all that. Showed you the safe combinations and all that. Guess you could say youse the one I trusted. Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard?. Shit got hot, you sent Feds to my spot. Took me to court, tried to take all I got. 'Nother intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her. "Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?". My Mo-sci-no hoe, my Ver-sa-ce hottie. Come to find out, you was fuckin everybody. You knew about me, the fake ID. Cases in Virginia, body in DC. Woe, oh is me, that's what I get for trickin. Pay my own bail, commence to ass kickin. Lick in the door, wavin the four-four. All you heard was, "Poppa don't hit me no more". Disrespect my click, my shit's imperial. Fuck around and made her milkbox material. You feel me? Suckin dick, runnin your lips. 'Cause of you, I'm on some real fuck a bitch shit, uhh. 	Fuck bitches, get money fuck niggaz, get money . Uhh, whoo Get at me. Whoo, I told you niggaz. Niggaz betta grab a seat. Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep. Deeper than the pussy of a bitch six feet. Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite. Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down. Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound. Now I'm Billboard bound, niggaz pressed to hit it. Play me like a chicken, thinkin I'm pressed to get it. Rather do the killin than the stick up jooks. Rather count a million while you eat my pussy. Push me to the limit get my feelings in it. Get me open while I'm cummin down your throat. Then, you wanna be my main squeeze nigga. Don'tcha, you wanna lick between my knees nigga. Don'tcha wanna see me whippin your  down the Ave. Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad. Break up affairs lick shots in the air. You get vexed, and start swingin everywhere. Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me. Pull out your nine, while I cock on mine. Yeah what nigga? I ain't got time for this. So what nigga? I'm not tryin to hear that shit. Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits. Adrienne Vitadini and Chanel  boots. Things to make up, for all the games and the lies. Hallmark cards, sayin "I apologize". Is you wit me? How could you ever decieve me. But payback's a bitch motherfucker, believe me. Naw I ain't gay this aint no lesbo flow. Just a lil somethin, to let you motherfuckers know. 	Fuck bitches, get money fuck niggaz, get money . 	Back up, just give me that shit, this shit is mine. 	You're fuckin with a bitch named Aphrodite. 	?? daddy is all that, oh word. 	?? I'm talkin bout some presidents. 	Talkin bout this motherfuckin cash. 	My nickname was Jesus in high school. 	God don't believe that shit. . what , what , what , what . I , I , I , I . OK, come on, what . what , what , what , what . oh , oh , oh , oh . Get off me, but I'm on you all day. Get off me, I don't think you wanna play. . cause you way too dusty, and rusty, and musty. but you tell your folks to hold you're jack up to back up . Call me the hit man, 'cuz I make you wanna call time-out. Then I make your mom cry-out, when I take your whole spine out. then watch me take ya, and fake ya, and shake ya, and break ya. and see you on hoooome to your maker. But then you nothing, you garbage you betta' watch ya' back. I think I'll take it please, or in another coffee break. you aint, but you can pretend to be homey. .   Uh huh, uh yeah . Uh huh uh  yeah. Uh huh, hey J man? . This one of JD's So So Def hits right here.  Get up, get get up . Uh huh, fo' sho', that's right, get up, get get up. The game's in the twist now . And I'm the blame.  Lil' shorty wanna rock the twists. Cornrows and rep like this, huh, I'm the blame. All they do is skip skip when the beat come on. Sing the words to every song. See they know what it is and who got style. Lil Bow Wow be the golden child. And I keep ya'll suckas s up. Ya'll shoulda never let me and JD  up.  That's fo' sho' cause since day one we ain't miss. Now don't ya'll wish ya'll could do it like this.  Of course they do, we keep tearin it up. So So Def playa, who hotter than us. Name one person wit' a stack like this. Gotta track records like this. And ya'll know around here homie we ain't playin. We demand you respect this afro man. That's why.  I got paper-rock fresh clothes. I get the girlies out on the floor. Ya'll know me, SSD. At the tippy top is where we'll always be. So uh.  Get up, get get up. That's the. Get up, get get up. Affects of. Get up, get get up. Bow Weezy. When I do it I do it like it's for TV.  Call me the big cheese of the CO. Known for gettin up out the store. From here to Rio. I'm so irresistible, so in demand. So not having it, I hope you understand. That means don't step in my rim. I'm like Shaq young boy, don't step in my gym. I got this here and that's where you standin at. So going up against me ain't a good idea. You the apartment below, I'm the pent house above. And I sparkle 'round the neck like Jackal's club. I'm hard not to love-that's what the girl's say. Hard not to wanna touch-that's what the girl's say. They run up tryna to give me a kiss. I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you miss". They say, "No you're not," then they start crying. I said "I'm fourteen," and they say "Stop lying".  La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. . La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. . Let me get your mind right. Got a letter from my home boy. He shot a kite. Tryin' to find out exactly what happened that night. It said, "Dear MURS,. It was routine work. At the enemy. Heat under the shirt. He took us back to the block and. Here come the cops. So we think the heats  . Same ass questions. Same ole bullshit. But in my back pocket, I forgot I had a full clip. I played it quiet. Just sat around. Then the rookie cop said that he had to pat me down. What's about to happen now?. That's what I thought when they cuffed me. Now there's fruit punch in this bullshit lunch meat. But trust me. I'm gonna be home soon. Cause the LA county ain't got enough room. Until then. One love and I'm out. And until I get home . Keep my heat at your house". They got me in a cell homes. Sittin' here in these jail clothes. Future unknown. Over shit that was said on a cell phone. Case is well known. We made the papers. Incriminating evidence from letters I mailed home. Shit is real. I look pale, I feel alone. They froze the bank account. Closed the nail saloon. And niggas in here wanna test the kid. Like I ain't a wild hood with a fucked up childhood. Should I plead the fifth and don't say shit?. Make the DA prove the case when he look upon my face?. Will they see the hate and anger of a young black man?. Sayin' to myself, "Damn, I know I should have ran". My lawyer keep tellin' me to take a plea. My lady said she'll wait for me. We know that's make believe. Go ahead and exhale. Don't wait to breath. I think you suffered enough. And I just keep fuckin' it up. Get your mind right for you die in a blaze. Get you ready for the tombs if you get knocked buying the haze. Keep you icey when your wife gets creepin' . Plus feel your hunger pains when your gang ain't eatin'. Let me get your mind right for you die in a blaze. Get you ready for the tombs if you get knocked buying the haze. Keep you icey when your wife gets creepin' . Plus feel your hunger pains when your gang ain't eatin'. .  . In these times we gotta hustle cuz our pockets be hurt. Lil niggas wanna get fronted from who got work. Is she ready for that, you wanna wash the bus. Let a nigga know where they at so aint no stoppin' us. If you handle yo business right I'ma promote yo ass. You bitch out and try to kite I'ma come smoke yo ass. The shit that I'm givin' you they tryin' blood ta get. The vicks be runnin' through because they love the shit. So don't come with that no one bout it shit was cool. Niggas tried ta rob me nobody was comin' through. Snitches I can't have that. Bitches I can't have that. Riches you can have that. Just bring me my cash back. Look its all gravy with me go head and shine. Thats how you play it with me ya big time. All I want is the Gs. With a trunk full of keys. A benz on s. You got something you can lend me. Shit nigga I aint doing nothin' for me for free. Can't put no trust in you niggas cuz yall be tryin' ta run G. Cuz I don't like dreamin' bout makin' no cheese. Wanna see my muthafuckin' bank account ODed []. () . Until then I'ma be thuggin' behind a project buildin'. Smokin' that fire be with the ghetto children. Plottin' on a way that we can make a million .  . Now I'm on some shit again. Leave a nigga stranded like Gilligan. Hundreds I'm considerin'. Lex it for a millian. Catch it nigga I'm killin'em. They spot but I aint feelin'em. My jacket off appearin them. Some a say its numerary. Parntnas in for sipperin'. Juvenile is different. Look at what I did to them. Niggas wearin' reeboks instead of nikes and timbalands. Bitch niggas I be tippin'em. My mac  it be flippin'em. Some of these niggas is tryin ta run G. So I be gippin'em. They would do the same to me. Niggas aint no family. Shit is all a game to me. But nobody gone handle me.  degreez. Tottin' guns runnin' with me. No wonder we need. Mo money one could receive. Nigga wanna deal with this christ. I'ma put it open in his life. Never should I fuck with me right. Why you keep duckin' me shy. I'ma knock ya head off. Nigga tryin' ta get to ya fuck tryin' ta play it off. You made the beef nigga so why is you scared. If you mind yo fuckin' business then yo life would be spared. I can't see it. Nigga try ta make me out a bitch I can't be it. I had a muthafuckin' problem with niggas like freed me. You probably can save yall self but you can't save yall neighbors. Um, and now I got cha spinnin' on round like a baseball playa. Put on this the table I'ma hit'em a nine. Foolish I had ta tame ta keep these niggas in line. Look cuz I don't like dreamin' about makin' no cheese. Wanna see my muthafuckin bank account ODed [. () . Ask them niggas bout me . Bet them bitches know me. Magnolia head buster out that wild TC. I'ma young nigga. Look at what ya done nigga. You done made me mad. Now I'm goin' get my gun nigga. Betta watch cha tongue nigga. Cuz I'm gettin' dumb nigga. Killed one nigga . Represent where I'm from nigga. See thangs don't cha never do fuck with a man his change or his mamma. You do that you won't drama. Fuck with a big tyma, fo sho you gone see. I'm out cha which one of you boys want me. I'ma keep it real with ya. Ya say you the man, I know I'm the man and I'm ready ta deal with cha. I'm prepared for the toe taggin' . Keep my reeboks strapped tight with my gibauds saggin'. Now, I done rocked a couple of Gs and done flipped that two times. I know I'm in a problem and they gonna persuit mine. I got bills ta pay I can't be playin' with you jokers. These youngsters somethin' else now ya bout ta get promoka. You can't understand how a nigga my age. Can hit the streets psyhced up bustin' with the twelve gage. But I don't like ta dream about makin' no cheese. In the future wanna see my fuckin' pockets Oded []. () . . I do it for the people, I do it for the love. I do it for the poet, I do it for the thug. This is for victory, and this is for the slaughter. I do it for my mother, I do it for my daughter. Promise I'll always love ya, I love to kiss and hug ya. You and your brother should be lookin out for one another. I'm so blessed, man, y'all the reason I got up. Somebody put his hands on you I'm gettin locked up. I'm not playin, that's the prayer I'm sayin for Diani. And if I die then she'll be protected by Amani. That's her bigger brother and I love the way he love her. She a girly-girl, she love to imitate her mother. But she a Gemini, so stay on her friendly side. She'll put that look on you, it's like somebody' friend just died. My pretty black princess smell sweet like that incense. That you buy at the bookstore supporting black business. Teach her what black is; the fact is her parents are thorough. She four reading Cornrows by Camille Yarborough. I keep her hair braided, bought her a black Barbie. I keep her mind free; she ain't no black zombie. This is for Aisha, this is for Kashera. This is for Khadijah scared to look up in the mirror. I see the picture clearer thru the stain on the frame. She got a black girl name, she livin black girl pain. This is for Makeba, and for my mamacita. What's really good, ma? I'll be your promise-keeper. I see the picture clearer thru the stain on the frame. She got a black girl name, she livin black girl pain. My mama said life would be so hard. Growin up days as a black girl scarred. In so many ways though we've come so far. They just know the name they don't know the pain. So please hold your heads up high. Don't be ashamed of yourself know I. Will carry it forth til the day I die. They just know the name they don't know the pain black girl. This is for Beatrice Bertha Benjamin who gave birth to. Tsidi Azeeda for Lavender Hill for Kyalisha. ALTHLONE, Mitchells Plain, Swazi girls I'm reppin for thee. Mannesburg, Guguletu where you'd just be blessed to get thru. For beauty shinin thru like the sun at the highest noon. From the top of the cable car at Table Mountain; I am you. Girls with the skyest blue of eyes and the darkest skin. For Cape Colored allied for realizing we're African. For all my cousins back home, the strength of mommy's backbone. The length of which she went for raising, sacrificing her own. The pain of not reflecting the range of our complexions. For rubber pellet scars on Auntie Elna's back I march. Fist raised caramel shinin in all our glory. For Mauritius, St, Helena; my blood is a million stories. Winnie for Joan and for Edie, for Norma, Leslie, Ndidi. For Auntie Betty, for Melanie; all the same family. Fiona, Jo Burg, complex of mixed girls. For surviving thru every lie they put into us now. The world is yours and I swear I will stand focused. Black girls, raise up your hands; the world should clap for us. My mama said life would be so hard. Growin up days as a black girl scarred. In so many ways though we've come so far. They just know the name they don't know the pain. So please hold your heads up high. Don't be ashamed of yourself know I. Will carry it forth til the day I die. They just know the name they don't know the pain black girl. . Phone rings. Guy   Whose dick you sucking?. Girl  Don't call me with that bullshit, alright. Guy   You lying, you lying to me, Di. Girl  Yeah exactly. Guy   Whose dick you sucking?  C'mon Di, I just heard some shit about.        you, some foul shit The fuck is the deal?. Girl  Suck my fucking dick you bitchass nigga I don't. Guy   No you explain it to me bitch  You know what I'm talking about. Girl  I don't know nobody up here  I don't fuck with nobody up here and.        I ain't been fucking with nobody up here  I don't know nobody in.        fucking Yonkers. Guy   Lying ass bitch  You ain't shit  Do I got to hollar his name too?. Girl  Who the fuck is he?. Guy   Bitch you fuckin up. hangs up. "All I want is you, all I want" . What type of games is being played, how's it going down?. If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now. Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt. Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha. I'm politicking with this trick and wondering if I'ma creep her. Little hoodrat bitch from th named Tenika. Coming through, like I do, you know. Getting my bark on. Knew she was a thug because when I met her she had a scarf on. , size  in girls. Babyface, would look like she was  with curls. Girlfriend, remember me, , from way back, I'm the same cat. With the wave cap- the motherfucker that tnt used to blaze at. Still here so it's all good. Oh you know my niggas Rich and them doing they thing on th Ave. It's a small hood, and it's all wood, so let me get that number.  it up, aight. Hit you on da track later on, say wassup. Talking to shorty made me wanna do something nice. Looking at that ass made me wanna do something tonight. And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight. She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might.  - . I'm getting at shorty like what you need, what you want. Offer nothing, cuz I got you, must you front?. I see you with your baby father but it don't matter. You gave me the pussy, that ass is getting fatter. Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me. I'da kept it more than real boo, can't lose with me. Heard he smacked you 'cuz you said my name while y'all was sexin'. Ran up on this cat, thought was me, and started flexin'. You know I ain't even with that. So he gon' have to get that just on tv. Try to creep me, what?  Leave that nigga sleepy. On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy. I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big caddy. But let him know. Never mind yo, I need you to go. Take this snow up to , see Joe. Get that, come back with that. We can split that, sit back. Fuck, puff a L, forget that. You wit dat?.  - . Aiyyo this chicken got me digging her moves, 'cuz she smooth. Wanna lose, whoever she choose, it's the dues. Respect is not expected but it's given 'cuz it's real. Being neglected and all, expect it, the deal. Lie, cheat, and steal for me. Putting something in a nigga's wig if you squeal for me. Kill for me, you still with me. 'Cuz we get down like what. Told you from the start, it ain't all about a nutt. I'm gon' be fair, try to be there. We gon' see then, hit me with the question boo. That answer gon' be yeah. See there, something can go wrong, it does. Love'd it, Let it go. but it came back, that's how strong it was. But you belonged to Cuz, couldn't belong to me. You had two kids by this nigga, it was wrong for me. But we gon' always be, best of friends. haha. Mad love, Boo, to the end. haha.  to Fade. . You just left a good girl . A good girl you lost today. From such a good thing . From such a good thing you walked away. Thought I was your guiding light your angel. Why didn't I know. Was prepared to sacrifice my halo. I was buggin out. Everybody. Would come to me. Tellin me. The things they seen. Your girlfriend. Who lives for the limelight. Well that's alright. If that's what you like. You just left a good girl . A good girl you lost today. From such a good thing . From such a good thing you walked away . How could I mistake us having sex with making love. Said I'll never know. How could I believe you knew what real love was. As real as you could know. Everybody. Would come to me. Tellin me. The things they seen. Your girlfriend. Who lives for the limelight. Well that's alright. If that's what you like. You just left a good girl  . A good girl you lost today. From such a good thing . From such a good thing you walked away. I reminisce to that moment. You held me close . Said we could rewrite history. So how could you blow it. Now this song has no notes . So what will the angels sing . Thought I was over my life's biggest hurdle. But oh no, no, no. It seems destiny's arrangement's circles. But that's how it goes. Everybody . Would come to me . Tellin me . The things they seen . Your girlfriend. Who lives for the limelight . Well that's alright. If that's what you like. You just left a good girl . A good girl you lost today . From such a good thing . From such a good thing you walked away . You just left a good girl . . A good girl you lost today. . From such a good thing . . From such a good thing you walked away. . You just left a good girl. So I'm single now. . Y'all get too close, I'ma squeeze the life out of you. You speak too loosely with your words, I'ma silence you. You ain't a leader, dog, nobody'd die for you. You ain't a killer, dog, who the fuck lied to you. And I don't even fuck with y'all ballerinas. Tryin' to tiptoe by me, I'ma stab your team up. Tryin' to get dough by me, I'ma snatch your cream up. 'Cause my squad gotta eat and y'all can't come between us. Thoughts of blowin' my fuckin' head off when I look in my gun. I cock back, can't squeeze when I look at my son. I stop that, can't breathe, y'all wouldn't walk in my shoes. I'm antisocial, don't speak unless I talk with a tool. You can take the braggin', the boastin', add up the passion devotion. The crabs that lack in emotion, we throw 'em back in the ocean. The Pharaohs packin' the potion, we back in action and rappers are chokin'. Actin' like the smokin' cats, their backs will get broken. And ' was the year I started talkin' with Vinnie. Rockin' the city, talkin', really reppin' Boston and Philly. Now you can find us, lined up with OS and QD. We flow fresh, so don't test, we grotesque and beauty. I profess a slow death, your plan of attack's a panic attack. Still better than Bush's plan for Iraq. My fam in the back, known to keep it realer than most. While you fake cats cower like the Steelers coach. Yeah, we the realest, ain't nobody stoppin' the fam. And we gorillas, walk around with glocks in our hand. And we some killas, run it like the Mafia ran. And you should feel us 'cause we turn your fuckin' block into sand. We been bubblin' like Bazooka Joe since Boogie Down and Superho. Futuristic, new simplistic, sweatin' my computer flow. Army of the armed and dangerous, we stay with stainlesses. Status is famous, raps translated to seven languages. Rulin' rap, iron fisted, flow's fluid, rhyme is liquid. Nitrogen, knife in my pocket, pull it out when shit gets twisted. Y'all lookin' for villains? Well, I'm that guy. I charge junior high kids for a contact high. And I could always tell Kno was on some faggot shit. Like singin' Lil' Kim's parts during Magic Stick. You'll get your face rocked, nose popped, we got, heat cocked. The A-dot, o-dot, t-dot, P-dot. Check, yo. Ever since Blood and Ashes life's slowly been changin'. Catch me sweatin' every night, with my rosary, prayin'. Meditatin', bathin' in blood, face full of mud. So grimy, tryin' to speak to me's like takin' a drug. Razor blades under the tongue, with "Ways of the Gun". Playin' in the background when I'm embracin' my sons. It's like I'm huggin' Satan, though, they feel the evil inside me. Nah boys, it's me, Papi, can't one emcee stop me. I'm stressed, blessed with a gift, I'm still tryin' to make it. Stained from separations, my brain is like a matrix. I tighten up my laces, prepare for the sequel. Until then, I'm gon' hustle and take care of my peoples, what. . Who da fuck can stop us niggaz, it's gangsta niggaz. It's gangsta  Woo  It's gangsta nigga. All g-g-gangsta nigga, uhh. Now I done told y'all niggaz once before. y'all don't know who you fuckin wit. Y'all gon' fuck around and make me come up out this music biz. . This just a record deal, y'all motherfuckers been on some shit. Bite my style, tryin to get rich, so I decided to flip my shit . Bene-fit me like a tight outfit, like Mr Biggs' about to have a fit. It's, a, bout, to, be, some, shit . See vin-dawg, and dre-shal, got a nigga real open y'all. I see haters peepin me, lookin hard like a pu-ssy. Same fight, different round; same circus, different clown. Same pussy, different town; assholes how you like me now?. Kel' and Jigga, the best of both niggaz. Put two heads together, mean mo' figures . Word to Tigger, put me off up in the "Bassment". with the rest of the rap niggaz, watch ratings get bigger. I'm a pimp of this music, the tracks be my hoes. Sisqo, don't make me pick you out like the 'fro. Haters left, players right green light. Psycho, like no, bitch-ass niggaz. don't wanna see the ROC so you creep low. Shoot from the line like a free throw. With this 'nali of mine like a Pi-co. Leave niggaz far behind like a cheap hoe. On my grind every time that you see Hov'. Yeah I got it, come and get it, green light go . Red dot I stop ya, yellow niggaz move slow. Red dot I got 'em, tell that nigga move slow. Head shots pop 'em when I let the uz' go. He done told fool. Dunn think Dunn loc'in when a gun smokin. Tell Dunn I been gun-totin. He don't know he facin death. Hockey mask on Jason's step. Don't make me pop past your Raisinette. You niggaz cow-ass. You bullshit, I pull shit, and keep a full clip. . Give me your attention, stop what you're doin and listen up. Because my partner in rhyme is about to tear it up. Jeff, is if someone said that your beats don't excite. And that your cuts were wack, what would you say? . Jeff's about to give an incredible display. And unequivocally prove that he's the best deejay. His name is Jazzy Jeff and he's preparin to shake and make you move. To this long and strong theme song, Jazzy's Groove. And it'll . . Hey yo, Jeff. . And it'll . And it'll . . You know, a lot of deejays, they're just short pieces of statues. My deejay's swift and exciting and coming at you. To other deejays Jeff is just too much. He doesn't use the line switch as a transform crutch. Never missin beats, always on time with the rhyme. You know the scratches are fine when interwined with a bass line. Live in concert, Jeff is never Memorex. You don't believe he's def? Check the flex. . I could talk forever, but still never explain. Why deejays flee when they hear Jeff's name. Jeff is number one, even though he just begun. Rulin hip-hop as if he was Attila the Hun. We make records, it all adds up a caleidoscope. We work hard, so people can't deny that it's dope. Some music makes you shake, some makes you move. . This beat is dope and it's called Jazzy's Groove. . Music has a tendency, a way of makin you feel it. It's been a secret and Jeff is about to reveal it. He'll get you hype, no kiddin, as def as Jeff is. He makes you smile and bow while he's flexin. He's a magician of sorts, it's kind of a sport. Jeff houses the wheels like Michael Jordan the courts. Ask who's the best and people'll say that Jeffrey is. Here's a math lesson, so you can all see how def he is.  plus  is . . And  plus  is . . And  plus  is . . And  plus  is . . Look, it's simple, just admit it. Jeff is the deffest, you wanted a battle, forget it. You're a fool, you're slippin, you're looney, you're crazy. No ifs, no ands if he tests your butt, baby. The music is dope, don't fight it, just give in. Hey yo Jeff, man, tell em why you did it. . And it's dope, right?  Jazzy's Groove. . 'Na-na-na-na' . It goes 'Oooooh' . 'Na-na-na-na' . It goes 'Oooh' . 'Na-na-na-na' . It'll make you go 'Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh'. . Here we go. 'Oooh' . 'Na-na-na-na' . It'll make you go 'Ooh' . Na-na-na-na . Make you go 'Ooh' . Na-na-na-na . It'll make you go 'Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh'. . Here we go). Jazzy's Groove. . What if I told you. You're like the bullet to my holster. Dangerous but I wanna hold you baby. You're there when I go through the motions. What if I told you. I could sling you off of my shoulder. Just like a shotgun to a soldier. I bought you all these Guns and Roses. And baby, don't hold nothing back from me. I will hold your guns and roses. She shot me right down. She shot me right away. She shot me right down. She shot me right away. What if I told you. When we make love its like war is going on. Don't leave me wounded in this battlefield. This fight for love, is for sure the prologue. What if I told you. You're my one to cover [?]. Would you stick me with this steep baby. Only by guns and roses. Don't hold nothing back from me. I will hold your guns and roses. She shot me right down. She shot me right away. She shot me right down. She shot me right away. Don't hold. . Nothing back from me. . I will hold. . Your guns and roses. Don't leave me alone baby. Shot me now I'm down oowee. Don't leave me alone baby. I'm alone and I need another round. Don't leave me alone baby. Shot me now I'm down oowee. Don't leave me alone baby. I'm alone and I need another round. . Yeah, ah, it feels so good to be up in here, man. Yeah, JMT, Reef the Lost Cauze, Chief Kamach'. Shit got to change, baby. Yo, they put white picket fences on all black houses. Cauze Kilimanjaro, you Brokeback Mountain. Since that "Feast" drop, everybody on Shareef jock. I am what I am, without a deal from Reebok. While y'all was poppin' and lockin', doin' the beatbox. I was in the streets, ock, mean glock tryin' to be 'Pac. Wisdom came in the form of seein' teeth knocked. Great G's shot, tell me when will the beef stop?. I don't think it ever will. That's why I might seem relaxed, dog, but I could never chill. If that shiesty bitch don't kill me, then the cheddar will. You think like a man with no hands, we could never build. I'm from the era where they measured skill. And if you disrespected the mic, then they disrespect your grill. The era was truly gone. But it's 'bout to be resurrected by the Cauze, Kamach' and big Louie Dogs, what?. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. Yo, the forty days of wack MC's blown apart. Replenish the earth, last miracle, Noah's Ark. Rep like I own a art, Chief whole zone is dark. They want my mind and birth time so they can clone the chart. Hallelujah, Hell 'll do ya, Messiah spark. Crown ruler, crush medulla's, we quiet hearts. While my slum street angel play a riot harp. Confusin' but amusin' to a mind that's smart. What you expect when you hear the fresh fire start. Black sage, urban monk. Spiritually, you deserve the trunk. I got pistols with crystals, you pussies never heard the pump. Futuristic AK's make turbans jump. Leave bodies on the side 'til the curb is sunk, Deer Hunter. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. With the Jake I'll never cooperate. A fuckin' vial of hate that God forsake. I'll scar your face, Allah you Akbar, God is great. You an animal that speak with the cops. Bleed the block, Vinnie Pazienza, Reef and Kamach'. I'll feast on the crops, leave your body bleedin' from shots. My stone hands leavin' you with unbelievable knots. A key to the lock, my spiritual is an anomaly. I got the spirit of Bill Hicks inside of me. Military minded, shoot to kill. With the weaponry of Minister Farooq Khalil. It's Lucifer's will, why Abyssinians fail. But Israeli troops 'll storm the Palestinian jails. It ain't like we never lost before. I just think we should externalize the cost of war. I'm like a sorcerer, Black Tibetan monks. Louie Dogs, my thoughts is pure. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. This is Gutta Music, pull out your gun, start buckin' to it. We just dumbin' it out, but ain't nothin' stupid. Time waits for no man, and such is proven. We keep it fuckin' movin', ain't nothin' to it. . I see ya, yeah, I see ya. See, I'm lookin right at you. With eye contact, you, see me. And I'ma, be me. Uh, first I'm sayin hi. Then I'm wavin bye-bye. We gettin, we gettin. Girl you so fly, you so fly. Yo these swallows is horny as Charlie Parker be. Cuttin 'em cause I'm studyin these birds like ornithology. Follow 'em when they tweetin, holler instead of speakin. Give it a name she play them +Wicked Games+ every +Weeknd+. Broke up with a dude for almost endin her life. Came over for the closure, ended up spendin the night. Got cozy in his apartment, wine bottles started poppin. Put scratches up on his back, then questionin where he got 'em. Forgot it was her, she Freddy, her fingers was like machetes. The fuckin was so steady she shredded him like confetti. Confronted him 'bout, every single chick, he's like "Enough already. I need to be with someone else, this stuff is so petty". She was reactin to things he did in the past. This nigga was no saint, he couldn't say no to ass. Her behavior's so rash, she gave up all her power. He put her out on the street, nowhere to live, nowhere to shower. How's she gonna make it through the night?. How's she so acceptin of her station in life?. She always carryin her baby with her. A spittin image, it's like lookin at her baby pictures. Her fate is sealed cause she dependin on a man for real. How she runnin these streets but always standin still?. She need to get up off the hamster wheel. She need to get up off the hamster wheel. How she runnin these streets but still standin still?. She need to get up off the hamster wheel. She need to get up off the hamster wheel. Yeah, battery in her back, poppin up with the copper top. Popular with the acid, the hot and tot. Niggaz whoopin and hollerin at Andromeda when she passin the barbershop. Only job that's an option McDonald's or telemarketer. Hard for her makin ends come together, this ain't The Beatles. She need her some anesthesia like she goin under needles. She doin so much cuttin it's a wonder she ain't bleedin. The money was so seductive no wonder she ain't leavin. First time she felt like a woman, was when a dude screamed. "Nice ass" out the car window drivin past. Nobody showed her how to live so all she do is dream. They call her Rocky cause her makeup is like a mask. Find scars permanently lodged on her frontal lobe. Behind bars for credit card schemes she pulled a month ago. First she gettin high. Now we wavin bye-bye. She's waitin at her station just the same. as she's waitin at a station late at night for a train that never, came. . "Let me welcome both of you.  uh, to the show this morning to talk about what I consider.  to be a very very important topic, uh, the Harlem Renaissance.  But before we get into that". Yeah, Harlem once was red line district rated . Designated ghetto like the yellow star of David. And you wonder why, people don't own they homes . Cause the racist bank wouldn't fuckin mortgage a loan. Harlem once was red line district rated . Designated ghetto like the yellow star of David. And you wonder why, people don't own they homes . Cause the racist bank wouldn't fuckin mortgage a loan {WAKE UP}. Harlem once was red line district rated . Designated ghetto like the yellow star of David. And you wonder why, people don't own they homes . Cause the racist bank wouldn't fuckin mortgage a loan. Until after the invasion of, gentrification. Eminent domain intimidation, that's not negotiation. And it's frustratin to look at, every day. Like watchin a porno, on -K. Biohazard labs instead of store rooms. What's next motherfucker, projects as dorm rooms?. You ain't fool nobody in this community duke. With your little fake Manhattanville community group. Ivy league, real estate firms are corrupt. I lay siege to your castle like the Moors in Europe. They treat street vendors like criminal riff-raff. While politicians get the corporate kickbacks . Harlem Renaissance, a revolution betrayed. Modern day slaves thinkin that the ghetto is saved. 'Til they start deportin people off the property. Ethnically cleansin the hood, economically. They wanna kill the real Harlem Renaissance. Tryin to put the Virgin Mary through a early menopause. The savior is a metaphor for how we set it off. Guerrilla war against the re-zoning predators. When I speak about Harlem, I speak to the world. The little Afghan boy, and the Bosnian girl. The African in Sudan, the people of Kurdistan. The third world American, indigenous man. Palestinians, Washington Heights, Dominicans. Displaced New Orleans citizens. Beachfront Brazilian favelas that you livin in. The hood is prime real estate, they want back in again . I didn't write this to talk shit, I say it because. some of y'all forgot what the Harlem Renaissance was. We had revolution, music and artisans. But the movement was still fucked up like Parkinson's. Cause while we were givin birth to the culture we love. Prejudice, kept our own people out of the club. Only colored celebrities in the party . And left us a legacy of false superiority. WEB Du Bois versus Marcus Garvey. And we ended up, sellin out to everybody. The Dutch   and the John Gotti's. Banksters, modern day gangsters, immobile army. They wanna move us all out the NYC. Like they did to the Jews with the Alhambra decree. So support your own businesses and do the knowledge. Cause the real Harlem Renaissance is economic . {"Green Lantern The Evil Genius"}. "When they were saying it is the renaissance, of Harlem.  they didn't mean, that we had stake in that.  They meant to say that they could make money out of us". "They are coming in with all kind of prejudices.  In Brooklyn they're doing the same thing.  In, um, Queens they're doing the same thing; the Bronx.  There's hardly any place which is affordable.  I mean these people are putting up condominiums.  which start from a million dollars.  How many people in this community make that kind of money?.  How many people have that kind of money?". "People of Harlem, they are the natural allies of the oppressed people.  of the world, whether the struggle is in Panama, in Africa, Cuba". "We spend money with the wrong people.  We are looking for love, with people who don't love us.  What's wrong with us loving each other.  and making sure that we are protected?" . . Yes. Every day somebody ask me where all the real MC's is at?. They underground. There's mad talented cats underground with that raw shit. Yaknowwhat'msayin?  Bringin them raw skills. YaknowwhatI'm sayin?  . Really, to me. It's a Small Wonder, like Vicki, why I'm picky. These niggas suck like hickies. and still get the shit they slip in like Mickies. I'm sick of the hater-players, bring on the regulators. With the flavors like a farm team fucking with the majors. Like a river how I run through it, I do it so cold. Freezin up your bodily fluids, your style is old. You runnin your mouth, but don't really know what you be talkin about. You should retire, get that complimentary watch, be out. Yo, with the quickness, so swift you miss this lyrical fitness. Now get this, these emcees wanna test me like litmus, bear witness. I'm like shot clocks, interstate cops, and blood clots. My point is, your flow can stop. By all means, you need more practice, take that ass home. Everybody lookin at you, fish tank syndrome. In full effect, I stay catchin lyrical rep. And keep it blacker than the back of your neck. What you expect, emcees hollerin. Cause we developin the followin. Gettin played like stone love tapes and dollar vans. Order re your uni so your demise is first. Before your rise it gets worse. You need a night nurse like Gregory. Beggin me - stop it hurts - is what you say to me. Like that's supposed to mean somethin?. You the one I seen frontin in the club. Your act I don't buy it, I got the dub. Come on everybody, come on just show your love. Come on everybody, come on just show your love. Come on everybody, come on just show your love. Come on everybody, come on just show your love. Come on everybody, come on just show your love. Wo-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-uh-oh repeated . Visions occupy my synaptic space. Command and shake, to illustrate my mind's landscape. The tall grass, the low plains, the mountanous ridges. Thickets among the forests, rivers beneath the s. Presence of hilltops, lit up with tree tops. Eavesdrop; and hear the incline of sunshine, nine. Stones in orbit, refuse to forfeit. They all form a cipher, and they came to absorb it. I follow suit, and face it, embrace it. Shinin bright, but still I'm careful not to waste it. Destined to rise, because I'm basement adjacent. Spirit is still so just chill and be patient. Some heads approach like I'm the one to base with. Clowns about to scream and shout but don't say shh. I ain't your student so I ain't to be tested. I'm majestic, I represent my strength without effort. My, method is unorthodox, but of course it rocks. My serious synopsis will drop kick, my topics. run the gauntlets and galvanize the audience. I must represent, I don't come off with no corniness. It's all luminary, despite commentary. Some people say, Mos how you get so?. My sign will make you jump around like calypso. And, murmur to yourself like a schizo. There ain't no bottom on the ???. . Come on, come on, come on, come on. Here we go Blackstar, hop on the Blackstar line. We bout to take y'all home . YaknowwhatImean? Here we go. We got all markets on lock. From meat to stock. Black Star, what? Throwin like Kid Rock in bars. Men flock to where we are, cause its the place to be. I grab my paint, jump on stage and deface emcees. We sell our souls like Spawn and come for the throne I sit upon. Freestyle or written songs, shit we can get it on. Going back and forth, forth and back, all across the track. Passin the mic's like quarterbacks. of course its phat, get off of that. Re psychology got em scared to say when shit is whack. out of fear of being called a hater, imagine that. We ain't havin that reachin past the star status that you grabbin at. My battle raps blast your ass back to your natural habitat. So floss, cause what it costs ain't worth it to me. Cause I'm the one these Spice Girl emcees Wannabe. But they can't, ain't no points for effort, so why bother?. Cause your girl calls my name out like Clarence Carter. Clarence Carter, Clarence Carter. . Aiyyo, as we rock harder. And always drop the bonified head nodders. Aiyyo, later for the hater-players. Yo-yo, yo-yo, later for these hater-players. . Blackstar keeps shining. . Blackstar keeps shining. . Hang glide for my nigga Tical. Yo, word to God we run this whole shit Son . Right that's my word, guaranteed you're dealin with the invicible . . That's my word, Persian legacy one time, one time. That's the science of the black man. Stationary niggaz, have fun on this right here. Yo Shorty cross your arms. Gonna rock niggaz to sleep this year . Blade thrower, sword swinga, killa bee ringer. Rocky road roll dark greener. Cream fademas, name your God Ukarema. Shout out Medina, federaloes Noxzema. Me jury cleaner, Million Man March screamers. Rae Cartegna, cut your joint Wolverine. The lonzina, wrapped around the wrist, law seen her. How I got that yo, threw out the macker named Gina. Bust a shot, seen her, it richocheted, tapped Tina. Now I'm out, lampin in Korea with Talima. We moseyin, sweatsuit Adidas, best believe. I got the black heater little joint, probably Moschino. Yo Bobby Robby whattup, Max tried to follow me. Sadaam loungin, clean up collect, like the laundry. It's time yo swerve like the Nike line. Windbreaker Laker throw a jump shot scrape her. Statuary yo floatin that snatch-uary. Aiyyo, blow a hole in your limo, weed pass the dutch. Yo this is MC wizardry, killa bee invasion. Men of respect, blessed with wisdom of the ancients. My words are blatant, lacerate necks for statements. I launch like lead projectiles, straight out the basement. I suplex your rep, left ruined like the Aztecs. Parasites, double edge dice your larynx. My hip-hop, is quarantined locked inside the detox. Under keep lock, it's like b-block and E-glocks. you're ill, your trail end thoughts are frail. I strike the cypher, and let one survive to tell the tale. Of my state of grace, I raise the stakes on snakes. Knock em off like the big eights for takin up space. Never did fear em, stick em with the truth serum. Who sent em, arrest em before my charge is ended. Designated hitter flows split the transistor. Kinetic globes light when it shine, burns your retina. Urban journal, plus eternal broadcaster. Before and after, I be Self Lord And Master. I be the Ironside, get touched, with the chloride. Take walk with the Nine Finger bandits worldwide. Shaolin hillside, full of homicides. FUCK you dissastified the double dyed black brown I advise. Yo, box talk sequence, powerhouse kickout. Eyes dusty, wet, butt-naked with my dick out. I'm direct, golden best, golden chest is blessed. Scarce chapter, snatcher batcher went to fresh. It sound farfetched, mountain men that be rich. You get buckshot, dumb be clapped, mummy wrapped and stitched. The Jeffrey Dahmer Notre Damer sing the song the strongest. Brute force bullethole straight through your . Shank you with the think tank, harmony cake cut. A can of ass whoopin flurry shake, break you fucks. Struck, love crooks, why for lyin s. Chef cocaine cook, a marvelous book. This deathbent doctrine, paper for the youth. what remains, a saber-toothed tiger in the booth. Last night, I took a trip down to Crown Heights. Fast life, females are trife, stay tight. I detect that parasite, satellite. RZA beat makes me wanna fight get hyped, come to do shows. My slang sound write secretary type. Backflip on the mic, I'm the poor black man. workin hard for the grand, I understand clear. Don't fear, peep my new gear it's different from yours. My style drop like jaws, you see me on tours. Don't you wait to say peace, the kid from the street. put my technology on the track, just then the core attack. Wu article CappaFive, CD attack. but my talk stage live killa beehive. Bermuda my life angle, rectangle gold fronts. Bring the gold dangle, never make me throw darts. Check out my arts, when I release my smarts. Hot like Pop Tarts, aim me at the charts. . I murder you and laugh. I'm Barry Sanders slashing through the path. you a magician's assistant, I'm sawin' you in half. you a heathan that rely on the beast. I'm a demon at the fire crucifyin' the priest. I shine over beats. a motherfuckin' beast on the mic. I'm a lion out the jungle, raw meat what I like. I bleed in a fight, Vinnie like the taste of his blood. and I'll open up your stomach like the case of a slug. I'm faithful to drugs, puttin' metal plates in your mug. dump your body in the motherfuckin' lake in a rug. face in the mud, y'all create the facade. that my people have exterminated faith in they god. patience is hard, cousin, but it pays to be calm. go to war for anybody who embraces Islam. I'm gracious and warm, ready for the place in the war. and I'm ready to smash your motherfuckin' face in the floor. we got that gangster gangster shit. we got that murder murder shit. you talk that gangster gangster shit. we live that murder murder shit. without order nothing exists, without chaos nothing evolves. now get on your knees so I can stick this gun in your mouth. I'm a slayer, I'll personify Holocaust, Columbine. Middle Passage, Israel versus Palestine. It's the cult leader drink your Kool-Aid. roll with the doctors that produce AIDS. I open my mouth, I shoot flames. the freedom fighter that got the whole world terrified. Ill Bill, human manifestation of genocide. stand amongst Grammy winning grimy nose candy sniffers. blast the black metal at you like Danny Loco. it's impossible to escape my matrix of hate. I'll make a good girl a cum dumpster, Satan awaits. set the razors to AKs and turn razors to grapes. turn blood into wine with an insatiable taste. drink from the goblet of gore, vomitting porn. Sodom and Gomorrah back to Canarsie New York. you don't know about the gospel of Judas. about the information found in the Galapagos Ruins. how the warriors would sharpen they blades. how if they government wanted to they could cure you of AIDS. we the equivalent of fire and ice. the equivalent of a prisoner who die for his rights. I'm lyin' to Christ, put your fuckin' spine in a vice. I'm like Trump in the Apprentice, only fire at night. I'm dyin' to fight, slap you five and put ten in you. Louie Dogs, a fuckin' genocide general. so I say fuck the CIA and they plan. get me outta here I'd rather fuckin' stay in Iran. I'll run up on you with grenades in my hand. if you fuckin' round with Bill or try to hate on my fam. it's the dichotomy of hatred in man. if you ever even think of tryin' to play me then blam. blap bap. .  features Mikey D as the rapper instead of the Large Professor. . Now I'm a flip the track and bring you back to reality. I'm like Wesley Snipes, I act without a salary. Cause I don't need nobody sayin "Lights, Camera, Action". I act on reaction. Fuck what you see on television. Cause nowadays all of us live in the hellavision. On every single channel it's the same old sane. Brothers' poppin their brain. Or gettin wrecked at a soccer game. Six brothers fallin victim to the street. After mad ? tribe vibes rollin in the black jeep. Every other channel spent its money on the talk shows. From Oprah to Horazo, everybody in New York knows. But when a brother gets real. They make the story opposite. And try to offer niggas raw deals. Television tells lies to the vision. The world's a prison. We're livin in hellavision. . Every day your lie to me is drama. But not the type of drama that my TV shows. Because it makes the drama calmer. When a lady's caught cheatin. She sets with the next man. And doesn't even catch a ass-beatin. Reality check - that's what the TV said. Cause in real life it's two to the fuckin head. Samedy Sam fillin bugs with slugs. Wild ? is cookin up these deadly drugs. Bart Simpson is cursin up for storm. And children love this shit man, come on. I see kids that say bringin guns to school. Ten year old crack heads and that ain't cool. My four year old daughter curses worse than Bart. Straight from my heart, it's tearin me apart. (). . And now, hip hop is labelled as a violencer. Like everyone who rhymes packs a gat with the silencer. Every other ? hip hopper goes to prison. Over some dumb shit or for the real life livin. But who's to know what we've been goin through. When all you see is one side of us. The side the TV be showing you. You never hear about the stress or the work. Or the hard times we had or hip hop was getting jerked. You only see us in the limelight. But when the night comes, we're always linked to crime, right?. Man - what I've been through is strife. Yo - they could make fifty movies of my motherfuckin life. And there's a million like me. The people you don't see. When you watch your everyday TV. (). . yeah, its murders, plenty murders, blood, we spell doom, pharaoh click baby. for who the bells tome. Vinnie Paz I call hell home. put the ratchet to the side of your face like a cell phone. any way you wanna look at it it spell doom. Vinnie Pazienza be proud you befell tomb. me and shareef, we stronger than pillars in greece. you need to understand the pharaohs are still in the streets. you need to know that we got beef but we willin to peace. you need to know that we got heat and its still for police. its juju mob, and army of the pharaoh click. we on some revolution Amadou Diallo shit. I like to watch your brain explodin when the hollow hit. its Vinnie Paz and we dogs Kamachi follow it. yo its my house like RUN controllin the 's. flow very crazy like I spit the blood of Rosemary's baby. slang fire like a hustle in Haiti. couple holes for the souls pitchfork for the daisies. ashes for urns I'm a murderer maybe. a lavish little lucifer burnin the hazy. faced out still could get a hold of the ladies. hit from madame bavaskier in a old mercedes. this is death speakin, the smell of fresh flesh wreakin. get a funeral organ and the best dressed deacon. juju till voodoo come, eye of the pharaohs. blood pour, heart of a chump, jump from the arrows. we got a message for ya. yeah our squads ain't checkin for ya. and if its beef well protested. smith and wesson's on ya. AOTP, JUJU mob we bossin ya click. rain fire on this hip hop shit. we can't reef raw. on the streets I'm king cause. y'all the fuck can't beat my chest like king kong. is this thing on?. I'm tryin to channel the youth. I rock the crowd of caesar, and hannibal's booth. they call me animal tooth. use your bones as a back scratcher. I'm allergic to dirt, weed, and wack rappers. my hair's too pretty I just let the gat smack ya. I dropped outta school, motherfuck a backpacker. double crossin some abominable bitches. you a fuckin fruitcake like what my aunt serves at christmas. my darts relentless and we ain't tryin to be friends. my gun attached to my hip like a siamese twin. its the twin it go beat down. QD, niggaz hit the street now. bangin beats out. thug niggaz throw they heaters out. its pussy niggaz like y'all scared to leave the house. once they retrieve 'em out BLAP. let 'em see the clouds. I make the most gangster nigga hit the concrete. and start snitchin, pointin fingers like they on wall street. my squad deep, we the gods and generals. type of niggaz too drunk, we dodge the interviews. we came a long way from cipherin all day. when days was all play, now we rhymin for strong pay. outerspace got a strong hold on the game. we reign, you minor leaguers be breezin the hall of fame. we got a message for ya. yeah our squads ain't checkin for ya. and if its beef well protested. smith and wesson's on ya. AOTP, JUJU mob we bossin ya click. rain fire on this hip hop shit. we got a message for ya. yeah our squads ain't checkin for ya. and if its beef well protested. smith and wesson's on ya. AOTP, JUJU mob we bossin ya click. rain fire on this hip hop shit. . Another one. 	[Playa].  - 	Here we go so wave your hands. 	For Missy, Maganoo, and Timbaland. 	We gon' show you how to party right. 	So pass the UHH and get the hype. 	Alright, we gon' party tonight. If you're livin' for love, start livin' for life. If you're having a baby, then make her your wife. If you're up in the club where the dub. It's like a bank sell to the highest bid. Put the cash in your bank. Girl I'm lovin' your booty, you can "hoo" to my blow. Then fish but please honey child, don't kiss. All I want is a freak when I'm up in the club. Maybe after the dance, dinner sharp, then the tub. I'm a nigga wit' class, you're a girl with a job. Taste of my neck like corn on the cob. I'm second to none, I'm freaky as ever. Go downtown, "Well I never". Uh, uh. Well I'm the man, that they call Timbaland. Now he the bir-ba-bir-ba-bird, understand?. We gon' party, until the sun comes up. Bartender, you forgot to fill up my cup, uh. Ain't no stoppin' until your draws start floppin'. There won't be no beef unless the disc stop jockin' . She said this, and he said that. And he said that Timbaland can't rap. But I don't care because I make dope tracks. I make you bounce and wiggle, and do this and that. Timbaland, where you live at?. VA baby, believe dat. Aiyyo, aiyyo. Now I'm rich, I once was poor. If you're late with my dough, then there's no show. I grease my hair and it still won't grow. If you feel my butt, boy you gotta go. Out the back for touchin' my back. For trying to jack every Timbaland track. Maganoo, where you was?. They been bitin' our style, those silly bugs. Where's the spray? I'ma spray 'em good. So the next time they bite they die like "Ugh". I'ma roll up the biggest dutchie. Get some sweets cuz I got the munchies. Repeat . Repeat . He he. Girl, when the bar open up five rum. Everybody wanna get a buzz, get some.  out of , all girls gonna freak. Just gon' depend on who they gonna freak. Don't gotta floss, all girls know they name. Only near, chillin' in the club, no game. Brotha mad at me cuz I got cheddar cheese. When the club close got his girl on her knees. Oh man please, learn the two degrees. Degree number one, keep your hon off trees. Degree number two, keep your girl 'round you. Never trust a girl, Lord knows what she do. Uh huh. Tricks - is what I got in my bag. Hits - is what I make out the lab. Ritz - is the crackers that I eat. Bitch - is what a man don't need. Rubber - shows I'm a careful lover. Stutter - is what I do in trouble, what?. My man, Timbaland. He make beats for the streets. See, me and Maganoo. In the back rollin' trees. Gettin' high off the phone. Tell a nigga what chu want, HEY. Now, I'm in the S-L-K. I roll up the window, so the 'doo won't sway. Spray my hairspray so the waves obey. So when I say stay, them bitches stay. Oh by the way. Me and Timbaland, we got the beats to make you dance. Repeat . Repeat . Doo-do-do, doo-do-do . Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo . Doo-do-do, doo-do-do . Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo . Doo doo, doo doo doo, doo doo doo. . Ooh la la la. Yeah we jumping on clouds. And we dance in the rain. Ooh la la la. When my world is on fire. I dance with the flames. Ooh la la la la la la la la la la la. Here's to everything. Here's to everything. Here we go like satellites. Chasing stars till we are blind. Still we go, we ignite. Put your hand inna the sky. Put your hand inna the air. Ooh la la la la la la la la la la la. Put your hand inna the air. Here's to everything. Here's to everything. Cloud , cloud . We shining like fireflies, fireflies. On a rise, on a rise. We moving at the speed of light. Speed of light. De de de de dum, de de de dum dum. If you wanna come, you better run, run. On a rise, on a rise. We moving at the speed of light. Speed of light. Here we go like satellites. Chasing stars till we are blind. Still we go, we ignite. Put your hand inna the sky. Put your hand inna the air. Ooh la la la la la la la la la la la. Put your hand inna the air. Here's to everything. Here's to everything. Ooh la la la. Yeah we jumpin' on clouds. And we dance in the rain. Ooh la la la. When my world is on fire. I dance with the flames. Ooh la la la, la, la, la, la la la la la. Here's to everything, here's to everything. Here we go like satellites. Chasing stars till we are blind. Still we go, we ignite. Put your hand inna the sky. Put your hand inna the air. Ooh la la la la la la la la la la la. Put your hand inna the air. Here's to everything. Here's to everything. Here we go like satellites. Chasing stars till we are blind. Still we go, we ignite. Put your hand inna the sky. Put your hand inna the air. Ooh la la la la la la la la la la la. Put your hand inna the air. Here's to everything. Here's to everything. . Loyal fans and newfound followers. Whassup y'all?  Hello how are you doin out there?. You're chillin, I'm winnin. Oh, by the way, the album's out, go get it. We went to the studio and then we made a video. We didn't make a movie though, maybe the next year or so. Yo, I got a message for my fans and friends. The last album was dope y'all, and here we go again. No applause, no applause, thank you, thank you. We're back again, and we're plannin on rockin you. ten times harder than any other crew can. Jeff is like Conan, I'm like Tarzan. In other words, wherever we go. Hahah  We're runnin the show, but no. seriously, it's been a while since we dropped one. But it's out now, go buy the album. If you bought the last one you know it was krush. But if you didn't man, you must not. know what you're missin friend. The last album was dope y'all, and here we go again. A lot of people may not have bought the last album. Yo Jeff, straight up, we can't allow them. to go out like that, our music is too def. We produce hit records right and left. Daytime, nighttime, def beat, def rhyme.  line, bass drum, snare drum, bassline. All of this makes our records rock til the party's end.  here we go again. When we first came out, we had a smash hit song. Then people started askin, "What's takin so long. for y'all to put another record out for the airwaves?". I said, "Hold up - let me explain. When you hear a record on your radio station. it's probably getting played all throughout the nation. But we got lucky, ours was played in Germany. France, Japan, Sweden London Italy. So therefore, we had to go on tour. City after city, 'Encore encore, bravo bravo'. Sorry we gotta go. We got another show tomorrow night in Rio". The point I'm tryin to make is to let you all know. It takes a LONG TIME to travel the globe. But now we gotta start this whole process all over again. The last album was def, and here we go again. Special thanks, to everyone that helped us. Without you, we would not have been able to sell. as many records, we went top ten. And got real and we'll do it again. It was a long hard road, believe me. People tryin to steal from me, and deceive me. But that's cool, you live and learn my friends. We did it before, and we'll do it agaim. . Staring, looking at you from a long way. Passing me no ceilings, keep going. Classes in session, but we in the hallway. Skip this class, lets get gone. I'm rolling this blunt, off baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. Keep rolling that weed, baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. And I ain't giving this shit to nobody. This feelings it feels electrifiying. I can feel it baby, would you let me ride. Feel it baby, you on my mind. I'm rolling this blunt, off baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. Keep rolling that weed, baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. Take my mind, take my time. I been off these streets, all day and night. Now its time I get back to you. And it's as [?]. I'm rolling this blunt, off baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. Keep rolling that weed, baby. But touching your body feels like I'm high. Yo, Fargo. I need you to pull up to the set ASAP. Nah, that's gone have to wait You remember that house we hit up on the east side?. Yeah, well niggas came to the block and shot the lil homie up So we need you to pull up to the set, right now. Music? Nigga fuck music Look nigga, you either pull up to the block, come see us, or we gon come see you You choose. . Hey Thank all y'all for comin' out tonight. It was a beautiful night tonight and The Shizznit. Where pimpin' ain't dead, these hoes just scared. Thanks Snoop Dogg, Ludacris, all the players fomr the LBC. It was a beautiful night tonight. Oh, look at these fools, Ay Security Come get these niggaz. Fresh off the streets, just finished a show in Long Beach. Ready to relax, kick up my feet. Maybe smoke a blunt or two, that's what I wanna do. Broke out and called up the homeboy Snoop . Oh, nothin' just called, lookin' for some women how can fondle my balls. . Off to the hotel, I was ready indeed. Slapped the button in the 'llac to control the speed. Put one up in the air, the cops just stared. Waved my hands out the roof like I just ain't care. Got to the tele and I slid thru the door. On to the elevator, hit the penthouse floor. And what would happen next only time could time. Cuz I got up to my room, and I was mad as hell . Who let these hoes in my room? . Who let these hoes in my room?. Who let these hoes in my room? . Who let these hoes in my room? . Who let these hoes in my room?. Now it was five BAP hoes and they look like trash. But one was midget, so we'll just say four and a half. I was stuck speechless, couldn't believe my eyes. What'd I do to deserve this unpleasant surprise?. And I was thinkin' to myself, "This is just my luck". Then my nigga bust in like "What the fuck?". . Who in the hell let them booger bears out they cell . And what they doin' in ya' room? Nigga make 'em bail . Got some fine bitches, dime bitches on they way . And told security, "Let 'em in, with no delay" . So when they get here, they'll probably be like half naked. Don't mean to trip out, but bitch y'all got to dip out . Catch the elevator on more floor. Presidential with the slidin' key for the door . What the fuck goin' on?. Shit, all around the world Luda, then it's the same song. Them bitches was so ugly, I told 'em to go home. Who let these hoes in my room? . . Who let these hoes in my room? . . Who let these hoes in my room? . . Who let these hoes in my room? . Now, these chicks wouldn't leave, they was ready to clown. One was ' and weighed three hundred pounds. . You can't seperate me, Ima seperate you. Bitch ya' pussy smell like Pepe Le Pew. . She said "I want you to climb in this underwear, silly". But I was turned off by her tupper-ware titties. . Then it got to my head, and somethin' reminded me . I know who let 'em in, it was Bill O'Reilly . . Who let these hoes in my room? . . Who let these hoes in my room? . Who let these hoes in my room? . . Who let these hoes in my room? . Ay, ay y'all gotta go. Yall gotta get the fuck up outta here, ugly ass bitches . I dont understand how these bitches always get in my dressin' room. You know what I'm sayin'?. Soon as I get off stage. It's  or  ugly ass bitches posted up in my dressin' room. And security act like they dont know who did it. I know you feel what I'm sayin', all my nigga around the whole world. We need to form a society or somethin'. Fat, gorilla, monkey mouth bitches. can't get in our motherfuckin' dressin room or backstage. And if they do, we kindly put our foot up their asses. And re-direct them bitches to security dressin' room, you dig?. Sick of these ugly ass bitches bein' my dressin' room. . Look at what you done then. Baby you hit me so hard. Don't know, how you did it. Loco, is how I'm feeling. Don't go, you're so addictive. I cannot resist it. Let's dance, let's take it to the next level. No hands, more bass and more treble. Tonight I wanna be a rebel, whoa. You got me so excited,. I'm doing things I've never done before. Done before, whoa. And when I try to fight it. I know it's something I cannot ignore. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. I'm high now, I'm flying. I don't know what you did but. You hit me hard now I'm flying, all the night, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come show me how you move it. Fast, slow, control I'm loosing. This is my city, my cry. Got me locked, uh, yes. So let's dance, let's take it to the next level. No hands, more bass and more treble. Tonight I wanna be a rebel, whoa. You got me so excited,. I'm doing things I've never done before. Done before, whoa. And when I try to fight it. I know it's something I cannot ignore. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. I'm high now, I'm flying. I don't know what you did but. You hit me hard now I'm flying, all the night, yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe run but you got me sprung up. All over my thing, like you're ready for the hang up, hang up. Ready to back my thing up,. Wait till you see more. Ying yang up,. Move to the left, take it back to the right, girl. Wait till you see my [?] hang up. You got me so excited,. I'm doing things I've never done before. Done before, whoa. And when I try to fight it. I know it's something I cannot ignore. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. Baby I don't know what you done, done, done. What you done, one done, hit a home run. I'm high now, I'm flying. I don't know what you did but. One time for you, you the baddest. One time for you, you the baddest. One time for you, you the baddest. Look at what you done, done. . Hey 'Rell this beat is . You know I keep a chrome, under seats and in the home. Without speaking you'll give me your chain. I'm Da Vinci, don't make me draw ya pain. They call me 'Sco, short for Rosco P Coldchain. Hey 'Rell this beat is . It go hot waist - Desert taste. Four pounds of metal, triangle face. Hesi-tate - never, I'll put hole in whoever. Don't make Push' Russian Roulette ya. Gamble wit ya life. Change came from cocaine I've measured. White was the treasure, comfort was the steel. I pedal to the corner like a child on a big wheel. Flow more sicker, so much shake in the street. They measure my weight in Richter. Make no mistake, I rhyme for the public. But still I push weight that make the ghetto's quake. By all means I've seen I've lived. By  years old,  thousand dollar vehicles I rimmed. {scratches} My dreams start over the stove. I ran over the globe and back again. Y'all niggas really ain't got a pot to piss in. Or a window to throw it out of. I'm filthy but you better believe I got over a stack in my pocket though. Iceberg on the seams of jeans? no. I'm a Dickies and Timbs man, I'm not no Benz man. Delta ' on rims man, wit mirror tint . And four of my most militant men whose trying to stay sucka free. That's why they hang around me, cause I ain't print. Left em for diamonds and pearls, I'm not no bitch. I choose a mack before that attached  shot clip. I scare the shit outta bank tellers so I can become rich. That's how I make my living, I give em encouragement, "you're doing great". Keep chillin while I'm flashing the glock in their face. I show em I can be appreciative, I tell em thanks for giving I'm sinning. But the Lord knows I have three children. Now I'm somewhere in +Utah+ relaxing to +Jazz+ with a broad. Quarter mill in a stash, avoiding the law from far. I'm starting wit the man in the mirror. Mask need to make that change. That real doe, that point something paper. Like a  on a Range, new shit {scratches}. Look 'Bonic really been through shit. Pay close attention when Boo' spit. Uh, lack 'a that'll get you hit. And don't care who you'll come back through with, been around. Nigga front like he want his car spun around. Window drop block pop spin around . Niggaz stand up looking for 'em sit em down. And ya see em laid out. That's why when I was young I stayed out. And plus being pussy ya niggaz is played out. I made means to get that cream. We all playas all they say is how you get that team. . Yes, yes YEP. Welcome to the Jay-Z extravaganza. I'd like to duce my band right now. Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe. Right now I want you to give the drummer some. No ma really, give the drummer some. Uhh. Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable. Shake the unshakeable . Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable. Rock the unrockable . Follow the flow, look. They say a midget standin on the giant's shoulder can see much. further than the giant . So I got the WHOLE rap world on my shoulder they tryin to see. further than I am . And I have been tryin to be patient with they preoccupation. with David and Goliath . But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course. and I'm forced to be a tyrant . But bein tyrant, comin through your environment. Iron mask, nigga iron gas, nigga I am back. With "The Team," no I in that. ROC, y'all not eyein that. Y'all don't see, clearly cause the reign ain't gone. "The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's. Dame careems, nigga it's the gangsta team. Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene. The other reason, we got a gang of green. If there's better at gettin cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga. WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Jeah, jeah. Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable. Shake the unshakeable . Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable. Do the impossible . Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable. Jeah, look. I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm bout to start another life. Look behind you, I'm bout to pass you twice. Back to the future and gotta slow up for the present. I'm fast, niggaz can't get past my past. How they propose to deal with my perfect present?. When I unwrap "The Gift & the Curse" in one session. Ain't no livin person can test him. Only two restin in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him. Seven straight summers, critics might not admit it. But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it. If you did it I done it before, you get I had it. Got mad at it and don't want it no more. And that goes for everything from flippin that raw. Flippin whores, flippin vocal chords, don't get it twisted. Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice. Did the impossible then did it twice . Yup  Hovi's home, the global phone. The world is back in order the number one rap recorder is back. You cats overfelt yourself. You couldn't help yourself, now witness the reel for reel. In my absence cats get, absent-minded. Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em. why I'm in the position that I am. changin the game, my game could nail Madonna. Well after I'm gone, they'll honor. history in the makin, Pistol Pete. leave competition shakin without missin the beat. Chasin the hi-hat all over the track. The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM. And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget. The watch face so blue like it's holdin it's breath. Can't see me skill for skill or check for check. It's the bow tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck. Live and correct I will bring it to your set. I got now, I don't care who got next. Rapper slash exec, Kordell Stewart. Your flow all y'all usin is mine, you're all useless. You ain't a factor, who are you foolin?. You all are faggots, you takin it backwards . I'm tryin to progress with this rap shit. Nigga, nigga your whole career is a accident. Who was gassin 'em?  . .  originally appeared on "The Show" soundtrack. Takin it from the top?. Tippy? Tippy?. Sing it daddy, sing it daddy. Heeeyyy. Where you at? . Takin my mind where it's never gone before. That's like a mushroom in cow shit. And I'm takin it just to get the ultimate high. The ultimate high . Excuse me as I kiss the sky. Sing a song of six pence, a pocket full of rye. Who the fuck wanna die for they culture?. Stalk the dead body like a vulture; Ticallion, HMMM. Blacker than your blackest stallion, hit yo' housin. projects I represent yo Shaolin my nigga. Hell yes, +Apocalypse Now+, the gun pow. It be goin down, diggy diggy down, diggy down down. While the planets and the stars and the moons collapse. When I raise my trigger finger all y'all niggaz hit the decks. Cause ain't no need for that, hustlers and hardcore. Raw to the floor, raw like +Reservoir Dogs+. The Green-Eyed Bandit can't stand it. with more Fruitier Loops than that Toucan Sam bitch. Plus, the bom-ba-zee got me wide.  is a straight suicide. Ten nine eight seven six five four. Three two +murder one+ lyric at your door. Tical, bring it to that ass raw. Breakin all the rules like glass, jaws. Nigga, you got to get mine to get, yours. Fucker, we don't need no rap tour. I'd rather kick the facts and catch you with the rap-ture. More than you bargained for. Tical - I stays open like an all night store. For real, I keeps it ill like a piece of blue steel. Pointed at your temple with the intent to kill. And end your existence, M-E-T. Ain't no use for resistance, H-O-D. I beez the ultimate rush to any nigga on dust. The Egyptian Musk use to have me pull mad sluts. I shift like a clutch with the Ruck. Examine my nuts, I don't stop 'til I get enough. Yo' shit broke down, light your flare. Since the +Darkside+ tears you into +Hollywood Squares+. Six million ways to die, so I chose. Made it six million and one wit'cha eyes closed. The blindfold, cold, so you can feel the wrath. And shatter the glass and second half on your monkey ass. And yo my man  hit me now. Bitches use to play me now they can't forget me now. Forget me not, I rock the spot, check Glock. Empty off a lickin off in hip-hop. Fuck the +Billboard+ I'm a +Bullet+ on my block. How you dope when you paid for yo' Billboard spot?. Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane.   It's the funk doctor spock smokin buddha on a train. HOW HIGH? So high that I can kiss the sky. HOW SICK? So sick that you can suck my dick. Look up in the sky it's a bird it's a plane.   Recognize, Johnny Blaze, ain't a damn thing changed. HOW HIGH? So High that I can kiss the sky. HOW SICK? So Sick that you can suck my dick. 'Til my man Raider Ruckus come, home. It ain't really on till the Ruckus get, home. Puff a meth bone, now I'm off to the red zone. We don't need yo' dirt weed we got our fuckin own. Check it, I brings havoc with my hectic. +Bring the Pain+ lyrics screamin for the antiseptic. Movin on your left kid, and I'm meth-ted, out my fuckin dome piece. Plus I got no love fo' the beast. Hailin from the big East, coast. Where niggaz pack, toast - home of the drug kingpin, and cutthroats. . As I run a mile with a racist. My style was born in the pissy staircases. Dig it, eff a rap critic, he talk about it while I live it. If Red got the blunt, I'm the second one to hit it. . Look up in the, I got the verbs nouns and Glocks in ya. Enter the center, lyrics bang like Rico-chet Rabbit. I brings havoc with an AK 'matic. Rollin blunts an all day habit. I get it on like Smif-N-Wes', who clique's the best?. Punks take a sip and test, who splits your vest?. The funk phenomenon, I'm bombin you like Lebanon. Blow canals of Panama just off stamina. Styles not to be fucked with, or played with. Fuck the pretty hoes, I love those Section  bit-ches. Hittin switches, twistin wigs with. fat radical mathematical type scriptures. I dig up in your +Planets+ like +Diga+, BOO. Scared you, blew you to smithe-reens. Fuck the marines, I got machines. that light the spliff, and read Mad magazines. I fly more heads than Continental. Wreck you five times like US Air off an instrumental. Look I'm not a halfway crook with bad looks. But I make murder your cae like your name was Cal Brooks. I breaks 'em off proper, ask Biggie Smalls "Who Shot Ya?". Funk Doctor, with the twelve gauge Mossberg. Look, I got the tools like Rickle. To make your mind tickle, for the nine nickle.  Punk ass, pussy ass. . Word up Tical, we out. . The song I'm about to do, you know there's alotta battles. We have battles with ourselves, we have battles with the police. We have battles with friends, we have battles with people that look like us. We have secret battles with people that we don't even know that's battling us. But you know, this song I wrote, cuz, you know, I wanted to battle the beat. So I started to fight the beat, so, if you can hit this High Plainz Drifter. We can get it, we can get it, we can get it on. I'm feeling this here, I'm coming like. High Plainz Drifter part two, it's orange in the house. Ill town, straight from boogie Brook Brook Brooklyn. United Kingdom, Makeba Mooncycle. Bout to drop some wisdom on your head like this. I myself am much wider, you can even say bigger. When I deliver, I see you shake and quiver. I'm lasting longer, cuz I'm too swift and much stronger. Don't turn your back, cuz you might be a goner. I'm snatching props, like a posse steals loot, as I shoot. Off my mouth, blam blam, feel my anger. My lyrics hit shots like a  banger. Your a dirty dude with your rude attitude. Watching my back, cuz fiends attract. Absorbing all my energy, you really not a friend of me. Facing my face, what a waste. Why you sweating me, like Flex, stop 'stressin' me'. Killing me softly in your sleep, laying next to me. I brung it to your lower, it's hurting like a soda. When it comes to slinging, you better go retire. Into your groove like a madman's desire. I'm having fits, in my heart, there's a twitch. Staying on point, so my ass won't get lit. We're going forth and back, back and forth like intercourse, he marked it. Cuz I was too fierce when we started it. It was like I was the target, so he flips. Aiming for my jugular, so I can run out of wind. Saved by the , when Hev brung it in. The High Plainz Drifter, no one does it swifter than me. Makeba Mooncycle, I be, sucker I'm a High Plainz Drifter. Catch my breath so I can breathe. Have a couple these, to knock you off your peas. I got your keys held hostage, you can't face me. Like an ostrich, my arms are not too short. Practice from the Gods, peace to the Earths and the Gods. I fight back, with the track. Stop all you, from fronting like you hard. Too swift my shit, so I'm quick to react. Hit with the kicks and the hi-hats. Strapped to the bass, with sawed-offs for the cause. Me and my mic, four by four. Crushing your mental like a blow to the temple. A rat-a-tat-tat, here's some blows to your central. My authority is my credentials, I'm essential. You can't compete, so prepare for destruction and defeat. Population creeps, universally, quality, eternally. Born in hell, I'm causing problems, I got the vibe. That keeps my channel live, feel the passion. From the Population Click, female assassin, why you asking?. No time for talking, just keep your ass walking. Nothing can be done, I got you on the run. You was sweating bullets, while I reflect the sun. At the tumble off my weave, as I sit and roll my trees. Turn my black hat to the back for my enemies, I gets busy. Like Redman and Uncle Quilly, you must be silly. Break that ass up, like an old ass Philly. After smoking bud, I gets wiser, forgot my six shooter. My horse and my lighter, mental fighter, red slicer. I knock your man off his horse last nighter. I can dry ya, out like oxy, remember. You can never, outfox me, you better off messing with the, 'nother posse. Uh-huh, you can't mess with this, cuz I throw fists. You can't mess with this, I throw lyrical fists. You can't mess with this, I throw lyrical fists. Sucka, I'm a High Plainz Drifter. It was the kinky, the notty. My voice will come to your party. Shine light on everybody, what. United Kingdom, Makeba Mooncycle. Yeah, the COINS, Illiana aka Taisha. What up, what up, what up, Brooklyn Rose this. Brooklyn Rose this, rodey rodey row. Prodigal Sunn, Killah Priest,  Second, Hell's the Heaven Razah. Royal Fam, yeah, yeah, the Clan, th Ambassador. . Take the bassline out, uh-huh. Jigga , uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh, yeahh. Let it bump though. It's the hard knock life  for us. It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life. From standin on the corners boppin. to drivin some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen. For droppin some of the hottest s rap has ever heard. From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock. fleein the murder scene, you know me well. from nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell. But since when y'all niggaz know me to fail?  Fuck naw. Where all my niggaz with the rubber grips, bust shots. And if you with me mom I rub on your tits, and what-not. I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not. let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot. let's stick up the world and split it fifty/fifty, uh-huh. Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh. And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy. Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby. You know it's hell when I come through. The life and times of Shawn Carter . nigga Volume , y'all niggaz get ready. It's the hard knock life, for us . It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life. I flow for those 'dro'ed out; all my niggaz . locked down in the ten by fo', controllin the house. We live in hard knocks, we don't take over we borrow blocks. Burn em down and you can have it back daddy, I'd rather that. I flow for chicks wishin, they ain't have to strip to pay tuition. I see you vision mama, I put my money on the longshots. All my ballers that's born to clock. Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not. I went from lukewarm to hot; sleepin on futons and cots. to King Size, dream machines, the green fives. I've seen pies let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills. Then I put it down type real. I'm tight grill with the phony, rappers y'all might feel we homies. I'm like still, y'all don't know me, shit. I'm type real when my situation ain't improvin. I'm tryin to murder everything movin, feel me?. It's the hard knock life, for us . It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life, for us . It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life . I don't how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes. Gotta a lot of beef, so logically, I prey on my foes. Hustling's still inside of me, and as far as progress. you'd be hard-pressed, to find another rapper hot as me. I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out. Didn't really appreciate it, til the second one came out. So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out. Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya, nigguh. It's the hard knock life, for us . It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life, for us . It's the hard knock life, for us. Steada treated, we get tricked. Steada kisses, we get kicked. It's the hard knock life.  It's the hard knock life.  It's the hard knock life. . It's been a long time, been a long time comin. Looks like the death of me now. But you know, there's no turning back now. This is what makes me - this is what I am. You can hate me now but I won't stop now. Cause I can't stop now you can hate me now. But I won't stop now cause I can't stop now. You can hate me now you can hate me NOWWWW. QB, real niggas, Bravehearts, c'mon. Well you hate me I'm gon' hate you too. It's as simple as that. Die motherfucker die motherfucker die. You don't give a fuck I don't give a fuck. Go down any way you want it to go down . Weak, jealous motherfuckers . Fuck y'all. Don't hate me, hate the money I see, clothes that I buy. Ice that I wear, clothes that I try, close your eyes. Picture me rollin, sixes, money foldin. Bitches honies that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya. Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer, prize winner. Best storyteller thug narrator my style's greater. Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters. Commentators ringside try watchin my paper. Almost a decade, quite impressive. Most of the best is in the essence. for this rap shit that I stand for. Expandin more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams. But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens. Want me off the scene fast, but good things last. like your favorite MC still makin some mean cash. First rapper to bring a platinum plaque, back to the projects. but you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggest. Money is power motherfucker. I got millions of thugs on salary, bitch . I won't stop. I can't stop. You can hate me. I hate you too. You can hate me now. You can hate me now. You wanna hate me then hate me; what can I do. but keep gettin money, funny I was just like you. I had to hustle hard never give up, until I made it. Now y'all sayin that's a clever nigga, nuttin to play with. Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same ol G. People warn me, when you're on top there's envy. Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us. Sayin we left the hood but can't get it out of us. My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you?. Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too. Criticize when I flow for the streets, hate my dress code. Gucci this, Fendi that, what you expect hoe?. Nickname Esco', took this game to its threshold. Best flow I bet the whole US know. Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest?. Think we all know the answer to that, cause niggas feel this right. You think I'ma come this far, and let you niggas stop me now?. I hate you too  . I won't stop. I can't stop. You can hate me. I hate you too. You can hate me now. You can hate me now. It's a thin line between paper and hate. friends and snakes, nine millis and thirty-eights. Hell or the pearly gates; I was destined to come. Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs. Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows. Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one. Took a little time to claim my spot. Chairman of the board until this game stop, and I side with the Lord. Ride for the cause while drivin niggas shot at my doors. Plottin I'm sure to catch me with they glocks to my jaws. Tried, stickin me up, but I flipped on these ducks . Instead of me, ambulances were picking them up . Niggas fear what they don't understand, hate what they can't conquer. Guess it's just the fury of man. Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin. I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin. C'mon. You ain't never seen a nigga like me, ever in your life. And that's what you can't understand. You can hate me now. I won't stop. I can't stop. You can hate me. I hate you too. You can hate me now. You can hate me now. . Awww shit. Here we go, here we go. Wake your motherfucking ass up. This is Radio Station KMG,  on your dail. And what I want you to do is tune in at  O'clock and listen to the homeboys. Total K-oss and Go-Mack, they'll gonna be rocking and banging them bitches on the traffic Jam. Next stop be your music right after these messages. "Are you tired of looking whack?. "Do you wanna look cool?". "Are you tired of people being in your business?". "Well, you need not worry again, get some locs". "That's right, some locs". "For amazically low price of $". "Now, available to hear South Central liqour store". Yeah, this Radio station KMG. And whenever you wanna hear some funky shit, put your dail on . Now, some new music by some homeboys out of South Central. Here's ATL, and they called this one Living Like Hustlers. Let me start it off, cause I'm a player. Fade into part two, I'm the number one whore layer. A mack, a player and a pimp. Something much stronger than your average drink. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, I'm like moonshine. Take a sip of my rhyme and I'll take over your mind. Cause I don't think like the average thinker. Call me the nightstalker of your neighborhood head shrinker.  is like a megablast. I take too many names, I kick too much ass. KMG, the number one mack daddy. Eating chicken like a motherfucker, rolling in my Caddy. With my brim cold bent to the side, I bump and slide. Go-Mack in the back,  to the side. Street Pilgrims, pioneering the land. Above the Law status, with a gat in my hand. A mind designed like Frank Nitty. Living large on the Mic, doing damage for the city. The city of toners, which is known as LA. Where the hustlers hustle and the ballers play. We got the dope beats from the homeboy Dre. And it had to be done  the Ruthless way. , what's up?. What do we do at our show?. We wear black on black with the Locs and the Romeos. Start stepping, unload my Mic weapon. We say it's fitting, you think it's hitting. KMG means Knowledge Most Greatly. Some people like me, most people hate me. In other words, I kick my gift. Do you be sleeping, KMG?. No, I don't drift. I lounge or lay, cause suckers take advantage. Yo, what do we do to them?. Yo, we're doing damage. Cause we not punks, fools, sissies, or busters. And the way that we live is like hustlers. AWWWWWWWoow. Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers. Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers. I used to sell big lleyo on the block. That when all the hardheads, gain on hard knocks. I started with Gs and then I moved to keys. And at this point my life went with ease. In other words, my pockets was thick. I didn't worry about the Feds, I was checking the mitt. Pull a swoop to Farouk, got dressed to please. Got the crib pimped out so that the bitches flee. I bought a ride, "what Kind?" . A white Corvette. So I can do a ghost move when it's time to jet. When I was nineteen, I was on owned my home. ed up big connections on my mobile phone. At home, or maybe on my person. To clock big Gs, I'd be definitely certain. To live the lifestyle, the luxury, the freaks, the frills. Yo, you was living kind of large, man. On the real, deals was being made. Suckers was getting sprayed. In other words, we was getting paid. Like hustlers. AWWWWWWWoow,. Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers. Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers. Let me proceed, cause I got the green light. For the numero uno , it must be hype. For now, let me lay the cards on the table. So you can figure out who's worried or stable. I max and tax and relax and stack Gs. Stick that to the facts, that's why I crack them with ease. Please, get off the convoy, I think you're confused. When you cross, I told you you'd get tossed, and you lose. Now, A-B-O-V-E L-A-W, to some people. Yo, that spells trouble. But we're not a group promoting violence. But when it comes to speaking the real, I won't be silent. Speak all reality when I'm on the Mic. So you don't have to run and have a stereotype. See, see cause stereotypes will make you dumb. So kick back and listen, yo, to the knowledge that's grump. See, the law has provided me, the KMG. That's complex with the style but done easily. Pitch a bitch if I have to, you know why?. I'm undercover doing dirt, I'm a hell of a spy. Now numero  is a detonator, deadly than a hand grenade. Much harder than a fool to fade. Not a Forty, not a Quart or a Six-pack. Me, KMG, Total Kaos, and Go-Mack. Cause I unload my weapon with force. Yeah, I'm never detected, I live respected. As a baller, a player or a pimp. Yo, pass me the forty, I commence to dent. A sissy soft sucker with no title. Unplug the machine,  is vital. Like a Beretta, with a mega clip. With a silencer on it, with the hollow point tip. But that is our business, on that we won't dwell. We make records for you to learn Listen and Tell. Tell your mammas, tell a friend, tell a fool or a jerk. Tell them KMG people it's time to put in some work. Like Hustlers. Woooo haaaa, . Oooh Lord, living like the hustlers. Oooh Lord, living like the hustlers. .  first single; send corrections to the typist. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Hustle, hustlin' hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm, everyday I'm, everyday I'm hustlin'. Ev-ev-ev-everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Ev-ev-ev-everyday I'm hustlin'. Ev-ev-everyday I'm, everyday I'm, everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin' hustlin' hustlin' hust-hustlin'. Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, I'm the fuckin' boss. Seven forty-five, white on white that's fuckin' Ross. I cut 'em wide, I cut 'em long, I cut 'em fat . I keep 'em comin' back , we keep 'em comin' back. I'm in the distribution, I'm like Atlantic. I got them motherfuckers flyin' 'cross the Atlantic. I know Pablo, Noriega, the real Noriega. He owe me a hundred favors. I ain't petty nigga, we buy the whole thang. See most of my niggas really still deal cocaine. My roof back, my money rides. I'm on the pedal, show you what I'm runnin' like. When they snatch black I cry for a hundred nights. He got a hundred bodies, servin' a hundred lifes. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Ev-everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Ev-everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm hustlin'. Everyday I'm, everyday I'm. We never steal cars, but we deal hard. Whip it real hard whip it whip it real hard. I caught a charge, I caught a charge. Whip it real hard, whip it whip it real hard. Ain't bout no funny shit still bitches and business. I'm on my money shit still whippin' them Benzs. Major league who catchin' because I'm pitchin'. Jose Canseco just snitchin' because he's finish. I feed 'em steriods to strengthen up all my chickens. They flyin' over Pacific to be specific. Triple C's you know it's back we holdin' sacks. So nigga go on rat, run and tell 'em that. Mo' cars, mo' hoes, mo' clothes, mo blows. It's time to spend my thrills cuz I'm spinnin' wheels. I ain't drove in a week them bitches spinnin' still. Talk about me because these suckers scared to talk about me. Killers talkin' bout me, it ain't no talk about me. It ain't no walkin' 'round me, see all these killers 'round me. Lot of drug dealin' 'round me goin' down in Dade County. Don't tote no twenty-twos, Magnum cost me twenty-two. Sat it on them twenty-twos, birds go for twenty-two. Lil' mama super thick, she say she twenty-two. She seen them twenty-twos, we in room two twenty-two. I touch work like I'm convertible Burt. I got distribution so I'm convertin' the work. In the M-I-A-YO them niggaz rich off that YAYO. Steady slangin' YAYO, my Chevy bangin' Yayo. . Uhhh, uhhh, uh, c'mon. Hah, sicka than your average Poppa. Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink. pink gators, my Detroit players. Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn. Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there ery'night. Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos. Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who. do something to us, talk go through us. Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us. Who us?  Yeah, Poppa and Puff . Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch. Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-. . Bang every MC easily, busily. Recently niggaz frontin ain't sayin nuttin . So I just speak my piece,  keep my piece. Cubans with the Jesus piece , with my peeps. Packin, askin who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it. That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it. Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie  can't you see . Sometimes your words just hypnotize me . And I just love your flashy ways . Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . I put hoes in NY onto DKNY . Miami, DC prefer Versace . All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino . Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi . Now who's the real dookie, meanin who's really the shit. Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks. on the Lexus, LX, four and a half. Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass. Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last. That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass. At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads. Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars. I still leave you on the pavement. Condo paid for, no car payment. At my arraignment, note for the plantiff. Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement . Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy . Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me. Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie  can't you see . Sometimes your words just hypnotize me . And I just love your flashy ways . Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit . Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly. Wreck it buy a new one. Your crew run run run, your crew run run. I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit. flows girls say he's sweet like licorice. So get with this nigga, it's easy. Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten. Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian . Come up to your job, hit you while you workin . for certain, Poppa freakin, not speakin. Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo. Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly. Hit em wit the force like Obe, dick black like Toby . Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me. Where the safe show me, homey . Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie  can't you see . Sometimes your words just hypnotize me . And I just love your flashy ways . Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie  can't you see . Sometimes your words just hypnotize me . And I just love your flashy ways . Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid . Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid. fades. . I can turn grey skies to blue. And I can make it rain whenever I want it too. I can float a battleship on dry land. And hillsides crumble with the wave of my hand. The man, that built a castle from a grain of sand, God I am. Aiyo, I make them niggas see God. Like my nigga G-Rod, he the pimping in Ji'had. Bitch spring for the King, everything. Young er, high king, either Eloheim. It seem controlled, but unseen. It's Professor King Bean, number thirteen dean. Christbearer, like Theloneous Monk. With the hormonic funk, but come crunk, young punk. I can make the devil back pedal, the devil. Be wearing Aeronaval, black shovel, getting ghetto. I can rain blow in the wind rain. Thank God, came in the game, banging Wu-Tang. I'm likely shacked, taking flight on a track. Whether day, when it's light, or at night when it's black. Put the chaos to rest, and let the heat melt you. Swell, ring a buster bell, breaking loose like all hell. You fail to realize, that we hitting like hammers. With the impact, of a sledge, can put you on a edge. Eyes gun shot red, the Mary Jane got a flame. Stepping on the scene, made a gang of eyes strange. Cause the game to change, the wonderful guys behind it. Young far from blinded, one-two can grind it. Now truth shining, acknowledge, my prescence. Drunk with heater message, turn a Christian to a peasant. Hollow shots from the grill like a weapon. To your heaven, cuz you was half stepping. Cuz you was half stepping, cuz you was half stepping. Yeah, on the West Coast crew, nigga, SUUUUUUU. Knowledge a track, thought strong in my psyche. I'm seeking the streets, defeating devils that might be. Knowing that my world, or should I say kingdom. Into the school of mourners, Killa Beez must bring them. The new and improved bring sales, get abused, divine. Rhymes that hit, straight to fit, like new shoes. Meaning firm and tight, unless you don't wear a mic. You tacky wack scoundrel, to you I say "goodnight". Say we using big words without, any point, fool. Bow to these masters, to weak and annoint you. With the bound that we speak, uh, put in battle form. So we can warn reform, any one that's torn. I'm the inferstructure, in the line with the sun. Raping ghetto days with these babies from the slums. Blessed with knowledge of self, so I stays on one. React once, speak twice, but understand my price. I leave you thirty two degrees frozen, no chaser, just ice. Knowledge power knowledge, you been born to I. Self Lord And Master, slow nigga, don't try. My games twice the speed of light, I do the knowedge of sight. So I, nigga, no mind, your whole act is Jim Crack. Walk what you talk, so you can gain some respect. I'm a A-star, be on the streets, so you can bet. They got on the shine regardless. Like it's a sword slicing through the darkness. It ain't no debate, you need the knowledge, the wisdom. Understanding, and I'm straight, cuz I'm Big I. . See y'all don't understand me. My plan be is to win y'all hearts before I win a Grammy. Kendrick Lamar, words like a sword in the hands of a Spartan. marching on Rosecrans in Compton. You can't cause conflict or corrupt my spirit. I'm on point like period. I've been there and gone before you get near it. Ooh wee, that young boy remind me of a young Martin Luther. the way he piece up troopers, then round up shooters. Like Malcolm X did, I stand for what I believe in. Family, God and honor. From Chicago, my daddy and my momma. Came to Compton to accomplish one thing. Raise a king, reign supreme, named Kendrick. I ain't lying, it stand for king and I am one. My unborn son and grandson will live royal. from the coochie to the soil. The meek shall inherit the Earth. Well I've had this world since birth. Feel the good kid's hunger. The Crips made strong, the Pirus made stronger. Muscle in my heart. Stare at the eyes of Mozart, then tell him I'm the genius. Do my dougie and grab my penis. cause I means this with all my soul. And you can't control greatness 'less you hating with the heart of Satan. But even that can't stop it. Nigga, get out my wallet and put passion in your logic. Passion in your life, the passion of my Christ is in me. And if you say it ain't, you may offend me. Damn that boy good. +Bright+ as Thomas Edison, but Gucci Mane hood. He stood alone for so long. Prolonged his whole career, but now he's here. You can shoot shots or cheer cause I am. . I get mad wicked  and catch a bad one by the funker. I puff the mad spliffs and roll blunts with Archie Bunker. Cause my brain is twisted, so I cock the biscuit. Cause shit's thick, some say I'ma bastard of a swift bitch. negro, funkin it with the style in your ear bro. To make you _Fear_ me like _Cape_ without Robert DeNiro. You big pussy, so funky that you have to douche me. You can't hear me then my record label didn't push me. I know I'm sayin fuck too many times in my rhymes. but if I wasn't bad, I wouldn't freak it in the line. But it don't seems to matter cause my shit get fatter and fatter. I'll do the funk in your face and it slaps ya. How does it feel with the face full of funk. with the bass in your trunk, weed laced with the blunt. I puff, I never got snuffed, bust while I dust your monkey. ass off then I just crush on the hush hush. So if you want a taste of the funk from the gutter. Ask the brothers   Cause I'm bad . "I'm a bad"	"Yo word to the mother" . "I'm a bad"	"Bad bad, and a wicked in bed". "I'm a bad"	"Yo word to the mother" . "I'm a bad"	"Bad bad, and a wicked in bed". Yo yo, check this out. This is for y'all hokey-pokey punk pussy motherfuckers. Just to show y'all I do what the FUCK I wanna do. I want y'all to check this on the real. And yo, check this out. Shake it  C'mon shake it  C'mon shake it  C'mon shake it. Whassup now?  Whassup now?  Whassup now?  Whassup now?. Whattup now?  Hahahahah. . Yo kid chill, aight aight check it out. Flexy I'm sexy when I'm standin in my drawers. If you can't check me when I'm rappin, put the tape on pause. And listen to the incredible shit that I kick my man. Give me five on the backhand then stick. your finger in a hole and chop the stick quick. cause my lip get to the point, to STILL rock the fly shit. Since you're holding your breath, I hold my jewels. I swing hardcore, so I walk, holdin my tools. The original P-Funk, takes no junk, from a chump, or punk G. I been this way every since nine months. So get down while I rip the raps from my lips cause. my shit's more deep, than any tape from Enigma. The gettin nice, thinkin killer brother who pop trash. Basic instinct -- I'm a shoot us and they got blasted. much ass I kick, groove to the master mix. My song still pumps when it's not even mastered, bitch. My shit's very chronic so rewind it. Cause it's like eh-eh-eh-eh beyond, bionic. Cause I'm a wild and crazy guy  No lie. Last brother to battle me I started pissin in his eye. I'm bad, word to mother to the motherfuckin Hubbard. Eatin her curds and whey, puffin spliffs cause she doesn't. And if you still don't under-fuckin-stand where I'm comin from. Listen to my nine, understand where it's hummin from. "I'm a bad"	"Yo word to the mother" . "I'm a bad"	"Bad bad, and a wicked in bed". "I'm a bad"	"Yo word to the mother" . "I'm a bad"	"Bad bad, and a wicked in bed". . "There was two kind of slaves, there was the house negro and the field negro.  The house negro, they lived in the house, with master.  The house negro, if the master said 'We got a good house here,'.  the house negro said, 'Yeah, we got a good house here'.  Whenever the master said 'We,' he said 'We'.  That's how you can tell a house negro.  If the master got sick, the house negro will say 'What's the matter boss, we sick?'.  WE sick? {laughter} That was that house negro.  In those days he was called a house nigga, and that's what we call them today.  cause we still got some house niggaz running around here". The truth ain't negative, nor positive. It's just the truth, ya dig?. Yeah it's black on black crime but it's blue on black crime. Police killin the brown man and doin no time. The judge is a Nazi, DA in the Klan. The jail's the plantation, they spread it across the land. I'm thinkin what will that change?. If big industry money, pays for campaigns . I know the  percenters lovin it. The gov' run the people but people should run the government. The day of reckonin is when the sleep wakes up. And the  percenters can really cake up. I ain't go to Harvard or Yale, I went to jail. But hold a horse that's pale, and the slave ship sails. It ain't on water but I know who's steerin it. The reptilians hid the truth 'bout the pyramids . My genetics, is kinetic. The devil is a lie, his agenda is pathetic. I ain't no house nigga, I be in the field. I be in the field, I be in the field. But I ain't a slave, I'm a king and that's real. I be in the field, I be in the field {"House nigga"}. I ain't no house nigga, I be in the field. I be in the field, I be in the field. If we ain't got freedom, we ain't got free will. I be in the field, I be in the field. Yeah, yeah there's black on black crime but there's white on white crime. When you adjust for population all the numbers they align. So why we never hear, white on white, on the nightly news?. Ain't no profittin over criminalizin white dudes. Poverty breeds criminals but watch what you call me. Cause if I'm a criminal what about bankers on Wall Street?. Or the fast food industry that be feedin us horse meat?. Been this way since in the fields pickin sugar or coffee. Nigga I ain't no house nigga, I be in the field. Probably with the steel, now they got me on the wheels. With the Ghost, too confident to be cocky to keep it real. We veto that phony shit and block it like a bill. Whether Bobby by the pound or, Whitney by the ki'. We movin weight, it's a mistake to get money and make it free. They'll lock up Jesus when they see wooly hair and burnt feet. If you a felon you a slave, remember the Thirteenth, nigga. I thought Barack could've been a spook who sat by the door. But he signed a Dark Act, middle finger to the law. Now I gotta get a foreign plan to eat raw. But I wouldn't be surprised if they killed me on tour. Life is a bitch, America is a whore. Get sick and try to see this little picture I draw. You could have a gun but need bullets to go to war. You already half-dead from the food that's in the stores. Ghost, these rappers ain't better tellin tales so tall. A whole industry of employees pretendin that they the boss. Niggaz that you thought was official is fallin off. Shit ain't been the same since the ' Source. Every breath that we take is a threat, they pissed off. If we alive we get put in the system and get lost. My mother scared for us, prepared for the loss. But sayin shit like "If you die make sure you got on clean drawers". "I'm a field negro, just as the slave master of that day.  used Tom, the house negro, to keep the field negroes in check.  The same old slave master today, has negroes who are nothing but modern Uncle Tom's.  to keep you and me in check, keep us passive and peaceful.  It's like when you go to the dentist, and the man is gon' take your tooth.  You gon' bite him, when he start pulling.  So they squirt some stuff in your jaw called Novocaine.  to make you think they not doing anything to you.  So you sit there and cause you got all that Novocaine in your jaw you suffer, peacefully". {laughter and applause}. . Yo, I create off drum drops and ate away blacktops. Grab the mic so you don't react. The double X Polo shirt with the hat to match. In fact, we verbally vibrate your track. Then crush your confidence like plastic condiments. Build you up to break you down like forgotten monuments. The question is this will they return with the hot shit?. Or keep it on the low flow. Yo, and for you confused bastards, Tuna the blues master. Quick to grib the mic, crews fast and soundclashing. Critical mass, pinnacle blast have been deflected. Hypodermic vocals I flash get you infected. I don't sip on brew, so this Bud's for you. Speak when spoken to whenever you come through. My vibes fill you, Internal Revenue. You rhyme prostitute for little or no loot. 	[Jurassic ]. 	Cause a lotta these kids think that commercial. 	Is rocking fly suits and jewelry. 	But we can rock shows with no rehearsal. 	With the Rebels of Rhythm and Unity. Yeah, cause I'm nice, smooth, hard as a bone. Since I pick up the microphone I'm hotter than brimstone. The razor sharp crossbow accurate. We drop the multiverbal miligram suppliment. Plus in bed, theological word advance. Been Too Legit To Quit before the Hammer pants. The parent to the pen converts words to song. Stay blacker than the New Year Harlem Renaissance. No comp, we paint a darker picture, in your sector. Perfect verbal architecture, sparking lectures. Lyrics infectious, fuck your Lexus. If you ain't giving God your praise then it's useless. Like when MC's try to make hits and them shits flop. Running races like they was Penelope Pitstop. Develop these hits rock bottem, the disk jock got 'em. Souped up, but his rhyme is beating his loops up. 	[Jurassic ]. 	Like dah dah . 	Bah dee dee dee dah dah . 	Bah dah dah dah dee dee dee dee dah dah. I can see clearly now, top of the pile with my style. Check the profile, it shifts like sundial. Crisp like young smiles, we rip and run wild. Intent to rock crowds, some bite like rottwilds. Your game is disconnected, misdirected. Disrespected, when we come in, expect some next shit. The J-U-R-A, classical forte. Get low down & dirty like the inner ?Moray?. My heart pump the rhythm of the militant street life. Soldier of composure up under the street light. The coat style, prototype, professional. Media light shine bright, now kill all the. Bullshit, cheap talk and lip service. Jealousy and envy and undertone cursed in your s. Serve the purpose of a nigga living nervous. Unsure and uncertain but about to short circuit. 	[Jurassic ]. 	Like dah dah . 	Bah dee dee dee dah dah . 	Bah dah dah dah dee dee dee dee dah dah . Ayo my gift of gab should be sold in bags. Boost up the price tag, make a wack rapper mad. Rely on my right side, securing our tape tight. Tasty tangibles to your mandible and clavicle. Yo, easily na be, cleverly swelling my treasury. Vocal pedigree for you critics who try to measure me. But easily I'm about to run you down my resume. Had a bundle of struggle from birth to my present day. Yo, your love don't compute, perhaps you need a boost. A magical flute, some nose candy to toot. Before you get loose, express and tear the roof. You claim you got the juice, but you lame and out the loop. So I associated myself with fossilized figures. Crack the summer sizzler, hit the real live niggas. My influence is gunshots and trauma units. Street trends, with material word friends. 	[Jurassic ]. 	Like dah dah . 	Bah dee dee dee dah dah . 	Bah dah dah dah dee dee dee dee dah dah . . I was scorched by fire, purified by the flames. Stepped into the arena, lead by pain. It's insane I present me, but nobody knows. Gave the power of life to a tree, so anything goes. Don't underestimate my condition, and before my prediction. Gave birth to a prince, overstand my accent. Named my seed Jihad, prepared him for war. Holier than me, he's the leader of the core. The war's long been awaited, highly segregated. Who's got the front line, I'm ready to take mine. Protecting my seeds like I'm a Terminator. Call me, Queen Destructor, MC regulator. See the world so unknown, you don't even know the half. Lessons are given to living, still don't do the math. Sometimes I feel shit, I give myself so much. Falling from grace, to lose Midas touch. It's so easy to be evil, with savages riding me. Like Joker said, 'get this devil up out of me'. I present me, and what they gonna give me. They wanna keep me, and lock me down. The reiteration from my tongue and show me to be the Lunar one. So call me my golden child, on time like a sundial. A place has been chosen, for which I am seeded. Three hundred sixty degrees, then I get heated. Yes it's the Moon, illuminate your doom. Give off light when detected, like body armor, I'm protected. The birth of a star, reflects on my Sun. Now bow your head to the chosen one. Reflection of knowledge, just displays my wisdom. Putting heads to bed, on the clef of my bossom. Those who oppose, me sware, cuz they try. Trying to get off, when you had no alibi. Fuck up contagious, like a sky, clear ya third eye. Yes the Trinity will elevate your mental. Illuminating all causes with the stroke of my pencil. How to say it, chipped out what you wish. Because it's a ride, doesn't make it a trip. Use choice words for your phrases, cuz after writing scrolls of pages. Through all my stages, to receive praises, blessed by sages. My weight speaks in tongue, bows out the Moon to uplift my Sun. . Motherfuckin, ladies and gentleman. My style's rugged like Timberland. When I clock lyric then women give me more love than Wimbledon. My style flow local like New Jersey transit. And I can't stand it. And you'll need Teddy to unjam it when I cram it. I'm from N-to-the-E. W-A-R-K, Newark NJ got the AK. When I wave bitch you better say heeyyyyyyyy. I'm a Kid From the Hall. I got big balls to make your pussy walls dribble in my drawers. Hey boy this is the way the East coast swing it so bring it. Man I told you ass Brown-er than James with the Sex Machine shit. I keep the chronic patrol on the road. in case you're wondering why I keep my izm. Cause I smoked everybody else's shit up. My style's the ultimate funk when I mic checka. One two checka. And I give effects to niggaz with my Black and Decker. So check the, manuscript, man you flipped. Put it down if you can't handle it. Got a B-R-C-G, Blunt Rollers College Graduate. I got a degrees in Physics on how high I can get. Then next I check how many niggaz that can die from my Tec. Cause the N-E-W-A-R-K is where the niggaz robbin and stealin. and fuckin niggaz everyday. Now Jersey's on max so pass the dutchie on the lefthand side. Hide the hidash, in case we cridash, in my ride. So, sliiiide, before I call the medics. You can bet bitch you couldn't get fly if you were FedEx. Can I, drop the funk on ya, run it on ya. Strong as ammonia, smell it from here to California. Cause Reggie Noble dropped that cock named Noble at Sunoco. I'm better than rice and beans when I rock you ocho to ocho. My music more underground than a kid at  XL. Convertible, fuel-injected, that's why my style's well-respected. I'm dope on the ridealz, so fidealz, on my didealz. And chumps are wondering what two niggaz dropped the funk funk. Verbally you never heard of me I smoke you third degrees. and cause surgery for emergency. cause Reggie Noble's known like burglary. I get hot busted when I dip my nuggets. Hey, if it take a million niggaz to stop it just like Chuck did. Cause we run around Newark with the nine cock. Keep it heated for the brothers that's not off my block. And if ya don't know the flavor, be a tough guy and enter. So go show you more nigga events than Jacob Jaffrey center. I'm genuine, to the rhyme, get your canines. Cops that got the hot glock stocked for when it's playtime. I rock around the Robin TWEET TWEET on the calendar. Cause you couldn't pull my number if your class major was Algebra. I make bitches moan to my Stallone without Sylvester. Cause I'm more deadlier than a whole school system of investors. So check us, I always smoke mad blunts before breakfast. Cause I, Get Around like Pac with Poetic in my Justic. Hold tight, hold tight, everybody hold tight. I'm sooper like my man cat, cause I keep my styles jam packed. I wrreerawwwowww like Anthrax, split my pants like Bill Bixby. You could tell the tracks was fat from the work of my MP-. I smoke the chronic that's why my sinus always fucked up. Them bones, them bones, them bones will have you fucked up. I blaze blunts with my nigga Mellow, yo say hello. . Really, now pass the second blunt to Quilly. Now sit your big ass down cuz I don't know about this rap stuff. There wasn't rap when I was pickin cotton, sayin massa. Y'all y'all whippersnappers, with the caps on backwards. Man, y'all fuck around with Quilly I kick a bone out yo' ass quick. Watch out now, I ain't bullshittin. I representin the oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-G's from forty-three goddamnit. And if you keep on with that dirty mistreatin. I'm gonna whoop your ass, til your heart stop beating. And yo, chronic bubonic the funky bionic. you find it I'll have to rewind it where minds are blinded. Time  Sum Aksion so time to find it. I smoked out like a cookout, look out my dick's out. That was last album when I was bouncin on trains like Malcolm. I was hiiiiigh, I thought I wouldn't survive. That's why I quit my nine to five and got live. Because this hip-to-the-hop shit fills my pockets. And I'm Audi for ninety-four because I already got my props. Hoes, hoes, and more hoes. . American raised, Canadian born. My name is Daystar Peterston. One day I'mma be the biggest artist in the whole world. As for right now though, the year is . I'm  years old, this is where my story begins. Daystar, Daystar. I know you hear me calling you. Daystar, open this door. You know what, I'm done, I'm done. I'm so sick of your disrespect, I don't know what the fuck to do. I'm tired, you don't cook, you don't clean. You don't do shit. All I ever asked you to do was go get a job. You won't even get a job. But you wanna find yourself in the street hustling. Thinking that shit gonna pay off, it ain't gon pay off. It's not gon last, you gon find yourself dead. Real, oh okay, so you mean to tell me. That street life gon pay off for you?. Boy please, I'm just waiting to get the phone call for them to tell me to come down and identify your body. It ain't gon last And this music stuff Nigga go get a job That's what you need You need a job, I'm done. I'm sorry you lost your mom, but I can't take this shit no more I want you to get your shit and get the fuck out. I'm done with your ass Get your shit and get the fuck out I'm done, get the fuck out. It's the year , I'm getting kicked up out the crib. Instead of contemplating where the fuck I'm bouta live. Mama died the same year my sister had the kid. It was either feed the fam or get killed. So a nigga said fuck it,  of us puttin' up for one room. Landlord straight buggin'. Roaches on the ceiling, living room straight thuggin'. Should've been left but the trap stayed bunkin'. Nigga yeah yeah. Big time, big time. Ring so swole you would think it did time. Swear I told you niggas for the th time. I'ma get mine, yeah. I got a ring so big, call the shit big time. She don't wanna fuck me, man that bitch lyin'. I've been on the get a billion dollar, rich grind. In the studio, I'm skating like a inline. Sorry I went Kristi Yamaguchi with the dough. Teachers called me stupid, now I'm stupid with the flow. Stupid with the whip game, stupid bankroll. Stupid ass nigga, getting stupid paid shows. I've been on the road. Now a nigga know my way around, yeah yeah. Big time, cuban chain weigh me down, yeah yeah. Flying private, I can turn the plane around, yeah yeah. These niggas pissy that we stayed around, yeah yeah. . Steady trippin', yes I be flipping. And it's time to get lifted, yo, Tah E snatch it. Like the brown split-iff, cuz I am with it. Now watch me hit it, they call me, Firestarter. Producing flames like a lighter, causing, come rushing. From the words I be busting, through my windpipes. Blow smoke filled sounds, where the streets at, I think they grow uptown. Shoot off guns, still using willy. Smoking out my chalace, cuz my mattress smoking dutchies. Don't you trust me, here we go again, sucka, I'm a High Plainz Drifter. Makeba still not, E rise hot, you can't stop me. Practice what I smoke, when I choke, I be preaching. Flow like a pro, like Vanessa Delrican. Yes, I'm the lyrical mathematican. Adding up wack tracks that get stacked. But I'm at, then come back strapped. To the maximum, with lyrical acts that be. Taxin' some, that's why my style's labeled wicked. Cuz I'm quick to quick lyrics with your stupid pictures. My mouth be diggin' ditches, so when. You call me cocky, quote me, out. In skin like a Trojan, fighting blurb battles. Keeping MC's in my mental dungeon. You don't want none, I cause commotions. Shut the secret potion, oooh, I'm falling far. By the side of the road, as I give a blunt and toast. Mad vibes of the pipe being past cross toast. I get you open off these newly wed traditions. High for the right to fight, fucked up feelings. The red lights litting, I be hitting in time. Cuz I rather be hitting on that rolled up dime. It's my time and I rather take a toke. Cuz making papes just means buying more smoke. I could keep going, get you open and livelier. Caught bet, plus I met in the cypher. What's the answer to your question?. I blew up the Jam Session. . Roc-A-Fella y'all. Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga. Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga. Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga. Jay-Z. Come on the track duh duh da-da. With a throwback jersey and a fitted. Might blow a bag of hershey in the sidd-ix. Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick widdit. Lampin in the Hamptons, the weekends man. The Stan Smith Adidas and the Campers. Or playin guts on the cruise, Hermes bow shoes. The Izod bucket on I'm so old school. Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops. Six top model chicks, who is this hot?. J-A, ladies help me say it now. Y-Z, mami why you playin with me?. Ride with me, get high as me. It's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin with G's, Hov'. Back up in this bitch like whoa. Jigga get this whole bitch jumpin like six-fo's.  V is I, and I am him. . Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims. . And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all. . And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all. . Hov'  And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu. She's respondin, top of C Bronson. We in Luan  gettin our groove on. Buyin out the bar, on our way to Spa'. She never seen a hundred on the wrist before. Never seen twenty-two's on the  before. I am, killin 'em out there, they needin first aid. Cause the boy got more 's than first grade. The crib got, killer views and square feet. You have to film MTV Cribs for a week. So, sleep if you need to, mami I will leave you. Right where you stand, nah I don't wanna dance . I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants. Waist is low enough to let your waist show. Top like a rock star, I got a fast car. We can cruise the city, doin a buck-sixty. "He did it again"  Haters no like. But they gotta fuck with it cause the flow's so tight. Gnarly dude  I puff Bob Marley dude. All day, like Rastafari's do. Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move. You fuckin up my high, don't bother me dude. But Red Rover, send your hoes over. She can do WHATEVER, sip somethin with soda. She can leave WHENEVER, sip somethin with Hova. We can play HOWEVER, slay bed or sofa. And the prognosis, sex is explosive. Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga I'm focused. RO, ROC niggaz. ROC niggaz. . Joyful, joyful. Lord we adore Thee. God of Glory, Lord of Love. Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee. Clearly as the sun above. Melt the clouds of sin and sadness. Drive the dark of doubt away. Giver of immortal gladness. Fill us with the light. Fill us with the light. Oh fill us with the light of day. Beat Starts. Joyful, joyful. Lord we adore Thee. God of Glory, Lord of Love. Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee. Clearly as the sun above. Melt the clouds of sin, sin and sadness. Drive the dark of doubt away. Drive it away. Giver of immortal gladness. Fill us . Fill us with the light of day. Light of day. Check the rhyme. Joyful, joyful. Lord we adore Thee. And in my life I could not afford Thee. 'Cos as youngster I came to know. That you were the only way to go. So I had to grow and I come to an understanding. And I'm down with the King. So no-one comanded. You tell me "Who you down with" see. All I know is that I'm down with GOD. You know GOD. Yeah, you know me. You know GOD. Yeah, you know me. You know GOD. Yeah, you know me. You know GOD. Everybody. Join the mighty . The mighty mighty . Which the morning stars become. The Father of Love is mighty glorious. By the way. What have you done for Him lately. Ooooh yeah . What have you done for Him lately. He watches over everthing. So we sing. Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us . Fill us. Fill us with the light of day . LIGHT OF DAY. . Who is this I see, sneaking up on me?. Maybe it's the man, came here to change my plans?. Conspiracies are really theories, made up. By masterous plans of a recapture. Natural disasters, made to trap ya. Virgins fronting like they don't want it. Shit's so real, you know I'm on it. Who will be the first to quench their thirst?. Leaving MC's hurt in a blast, like dessert. I rock the mic, like I was freeing people. Snatched the devil, took the D and made 'em evil. If I see you, that's means I already saw. Like the all eye seeing, putting the R into raw. Smashing bells, cuz I kill that noise. Can't get around me, yes I'm hard to avoid. Talking good living, have you seen it yet?. I wait for paradise, looking forward to death. My heart can't rest, something other than stress. So I detest, get protection like a vest. The border-line suspects, crooked, walk vexed. Too many games, who's getting over on me next?. Ya life for another man's gain, the only one to blame. Getting caught up in the fame, will only leave you slame. I must maintain, that's true. Take cover, before the rain I'm through. What you gonna do when Wu comes for you?. What you gonna do when UK sprays ya crew?. What you gonna do? Mad I hold shit down?. The Sun, Moon set, came to lock shit down. This warrior endangered, see, I have no fear. I need some answers, let's make this clear. Will I be here tomorrow? I really don't care. I'll always take a challenge, no need to be scared. I'm giving this, a test of balance, prepare for the challenge. Come creep with me through the valley of the beast. Be careful what you speak, you might feel the heat. We're taking over like governments, this is a rhyme well spent. Share my mind like reality, dark side backs me. What you gonna do when I'm coming for you?. Ya yelling for ya crew, 'bout to tell the truth. But we can get it on like the song. Death like napalm, word is bond. If you look, you might get s, dig into my books. There's no one to save ya, not minor but major. We're all there to raise ya, the streets is what made ya. Armageddon's 'bout to come, what you gonna do, baby?. For me I'm being Swaze, fuck it, call me crazy. While you remain lazy, I'll be gun ho like Lacie. And Cagnee, young society's got my back, see?. All assed out, not knowing who to believe. Ya smiling in my face with tricks up ya sleeve. I protect new life, ya not corrupting these. Only truth I feed, no lies are taking me. I come real with these, you best take heed. Drop to ya knees, pray for the new breed. Raise ya young, plant a seed, no sadness, don't grieve. My lyrics are the source, it's time to break north. I'm here to change that, change Lef to 'Rack. Revolution means set it, we can all be deaded. In all reality I've got nothing to lose. Preparing for now, get ready for the two's. I'ma teach my seed, to protect his own. And if you trust past, shoot straight for ya dome. It's time to send 'em home, putting holes in my zone. Who's right? Who's wrong? Calm before the storm. As I enter ya scope without the false hope. The darkness to the light, my strength backs my mic. Never out of sight, are you ready to take flight?. Are you ready to take flight, or fight? What?. What you gonna do?.  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.  What?.  It's the Lone Catalysts. The J Sands to the Bones, never let us spawn. The Morgue Foundation, Dungeon Masta. A droit, allegiance on point. Prodigal Sizunn, G-Lock to the Coins. We be the joint, Brooklyn forever, baby. Behold, Wu family, too tight. We coming for you, you better grab ya babies. Grab ya books, we leaving everybody shaking. . Yo, this is somethin new by notorious-ass Above the Law. In the motherfuckin place. The Illustrator KMG. Yo , you gotta let em know what's goin on. See, I'm like a psycho, I meditate with a beat. I add a rhyme, to make it sound complete. I go into a state of mind that I very seldom enter. To put it on a black plate of wax with a hole in the center. Understand, I'm not the greatest. Above the Law is always funky fresh and we will never be the latest. Look at that, we're two steps ahead of you. I just simply get up on the mic and do what some MC's are scared to do. Go for the gusto, if so. Yo, I keep my hat cut low. I'm a friend, not a foe. A pro, as a artist . Give my hardest as the farthest. That'll take it up the ladder. See, it really doesn't matter. Cause oppositions I will scatter. This I call rhymin, yo, not chitter-chatter. Like Malcolm X, see, I be takin a stand. A man with the plan makin you dance. On the dancefloor, more. Of a new style that's worth your while. It's from Pamona. So you know I had to lay this shit on ya. Hit the switch, then rewind this shit. Grab a  ounce and go mack to a bitch. Now ladies - please don't be offended. Because my lifestyle is hustlin, and see, I'm in it to win it. Yo, what could I possibly be sayin. Man, when I do it like that?. Just kickin lyrics. Dope lyrics. Funky lyrics. Unlawful lyrics. Yo, drop your lyrics. See, I'm livin large, I clock dollars from day to day. And on the weekend go out for some play. I'm like ballin with the untouchable HBC. Real brothers that are down with me. And if I call on em, you're gonna pay the cost. Because they're puttin out contracts for you to get tossed. Muffled, broke on, we throw you in the river. Cement shoes, so that you sink much quicker. Cause me, I gotta have it, one way or the other. I'm takin out your family, your sister and your mother. And your brother, undercover I got to keep ass clean. And when the shit goes down I'm nowhere to be seen. You know - what could I possibly mean, Dre?. Just kickin lyrics. Dope lyrics. Untouchable lyrics. Notorious lyrics. Yo, a true baller at hand. Now see, I have to break it down like on a funky tip. So you don't wanna slip or trip or maybe go overboard. You can't afford to ignore this style. Above the Law steady housin em, change the dial. I don't smile, I always keep a serious face. So if this beat is that funky, why don't you pump up the bass?. And fall into the groove like you're supposed to. But not too deep, because we got another show to do. This is dedicated to my brothers and sisters. The white, the black, and all the hip-hop listeners. One nation stayin under a groove. Above the Law's pure in it to win it, we don't lose. I'm not a new jack that smoke crack, don't play me like one. 's got the power, if you wanna, come get some, son. I think your status is weak, you'll never compete. But I don't have to sweat it, cause my posse's just too deep. Yeah, we kick ass and take names and remain the same. We live large while you sit and complain. I have to break it down to all the people I know. >From LA, New York, Detroit and Chicago. Oh, I can't forget Dallas and DC. Miami, Florida, St Louis and Philly. But back to the subject of rockin and jockin. Makin it funkier than funky, keepin you hyper than hype. Makin you hot, so hot you wanna drop to your knees. Make the whole damn nation catch a deadly disease. Cause when I rhyme, I makes a killin. And if you haven't seen our show, you don't know the feelin.  that's all I gotta say. I'm just smooth kickin lyrics. Unlawful lyrics. Dope lyrics. Cold , a brother steppin into the 's. Yo, and the Illustrator KMG knowledge. Goin out to my deejay K-oss and Go Mack. Coming, coming, see us coming?. We coming. Coming in, them Killa Hillas is coming in. Coming and stunting, them Killa Hillas be coming in. Coming and stunting, them Killa Hillas be coming in. The Killa Hillas is coming, them Killa Hillas be coming. We coming in, Killa Hillas, and we gunning men. You fumbling, while my Warriors, we running in. Ribs rumbling, take ya stake on the way in. I've mispaid some brave men on occassions. Live life like a caveman, amen or paegan. You should call me rhythm the way I slave men. I've paved the way for the future of my Killa Hill nation. Fuck all y'all racist faces, fronters, fakers. I pull the cash out my pot and bought my forty acres. Been putting in the work since the all-way breakers. I'll Krush ya Groove, and anybody got butt, they must've moved. My life, rushing rude, let, not you bet. I've crept with the crew, stepped to show who's the true vet. And I rep, Killa Killa Hill, Killa Hill, Killa Killa Hill. Fuck ya shit with a flint rock. I put the fire to the pen and then the muthafucking hits start. I rep the Hill, boulevard, avenue and block. Until the tick-tock, that cash don't stop. Ghetto bitches on the block, give that ass, don't stop. I'm ahead of my class, the cream of my crop. The rotten apple of the bunch, but I'm ready to rock. And all you niggaz wanna front, but you ready to flop. I ricochet state-to-state while you play with a spot. You, me, not, me be you? I wouldn't dare. Got the knowledge to demolish, see the grays in my hair. Feel my rage in the air, my whole style's a flair. Killa Hill, Wolf Packer, keep my dubs in the air. You seek the rare, style that I've prepared. Give me the mic, and like Christ, and I'll be there . Listen here to the third hearse. Slide up to Schenect', flip a bird first. In the Hill with the cleaners, manufacturing work. Got tray on the chirp, looking right in a skirt. I'm on to you bitch-ass niggaz like a purse. The worst is, the  is, not nearly done. Fear me son, or fear me gun, I'm merely one. Running rampid, that raw shit, I stamp it. To the scene with that Mack shit. You bitch-ass nigga, pardon me, you actress. I'm an, activist, with an active fist. And I pack a fifth, stay read for the rift. Wrath, I'm heat click on the strip. Get ya shit trashed, and I did my math. A couple bloodbaths with my wolves and laugh. . North Stars, North Star, North Star, Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha. Warcloud. Flame tanks, stealth tanks, mammoth tanks, and hover tanks. Cargo planes and gun boats, I smother banks. Helicopter landing, step off and then shoot standing. And blow you into five with a particle beam cannon. Skiing off a snowy slope on fire. And it's still snowing, the 'Big Wolf on Campus'. Shots run rampid, their bodies are now my canvas. Hot chain gun your soldiers fell in the sandpits. At my weapons factory I am the new prototype. If you're like me you're at the repair facility. Warcloud, day at the power plant, the War Hawk. To ladies Mr Chair-Hands blow a hole through your store lock. Bank heist in Kathmandu, it was a slaughter. The day Buddha was born it rained tea instead of water. Old toys in the 'Old Toy Room' cock revolvers. I camouflage in rocks with guns and crystal armours. An old man and his wife wrecked their car in the mountains. And wandered up  miles then to their surprise. They found a ghost army hazy in their cataracts. And at the tip-top Warcloud threw his battleaxe. This Killa Bee, gun shot it by the rain. This Killa Bee, yes, you know a blood stain. Christbearer be your vital information. Grab the microphone and make something out of nothing . With nodulation, my gestation, germination. An Emancipation Proclamation win the vindication. MC, MC Freemasonry with the gavel, mystery unravelled . God in the being, y'all niggas still can't see Jeanie. With a flow so dreamy, it's the phenomenally, phenomenal, phenomenon. Young Genghis Khan is designed to be on, tip-toe onto the set. with my gods in the flex for Tyrannosaurus Rex. I gets hotter than the hair on the gazelle. Then through the death jail with my style unveiled, off the chain. It ain't hard to tell, Christbearer done cracked the scale. With Coolie Mack and L . I never let the truth in the false of jail. All hail bearer, of the thunder Christbearer. Fuck it, let's tear the world up. Since everybody motionless and don't give a fuck. Moving like an SUV truck, rolling on the right side high. Y'all niggas can't fuck with this Long Beach mind. Tear down your city make everybody cry. And it's a shame how the world's been tricked. I move across the nation with my global black fist. 'Cause niggas out here is like terrorists. We'll blow your whole Ave up with one stick . And I ain't talking 'bout sherm. I'm talking 'bout shit to blow your whole damn firm. Acting like you concerned about me? . You get dropped G, moving with your paparazzi . You taking chances like you playing Yahtzee. You could never fuck with me, North Star . Run out of luck, you know them run out of luck fool. Run out of luck, you know them run out of luck fool. Run out of luck, you know them run out of luck. Say when them check it out the Killa Bee them buck off. Say when them check it out the Killa Bee them buck off. Killa Bee and North Star, we done heard them step up. So listen and your lyrics when the God gonna spit. Say two shots are now suck up ina your hip. So listen and your lyrics when the God gonna spit. Say two shots are now stuck up ina your hip. So listen and your lyrics will pick up on the spliff. We no business if you a Blood and nah care if you a Crip. Say when we come through, you know strictly street sweep. Say when we come through on the crib, we a creep. Boy, you better go and go back down beneath. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Word up, man, Killa Bee, North Star. It's how we do it, blah blah. One, niggas. . Yeah, uh. The dark arts. AOTP, yeah. Feel like the nineties right here don't it. Yeah uh uh, uh uh take 'em back. Yeah, yo. Yo I'm a pharaoh my street magic been on deck. I'm the north Philly Imhotep, you ain't been no threat. Look at the walls to my lingual set. In the trim on the gold coffin where my demo's kept. It's Kamachi my legendary status is earned. With the ashes of dead faggots from the Vatican burned. I don't care unless the murder of the Pope is concerned. I'm +Violent By Design+ with the scope in the urn. You sweet wearing sequins stroking a perm. I'm in the desert with fatigues try'na focus the germ. Yeah, and all you see is blocks of fire. Suicide bombers screaming what to Allah. Y'all try'na play heavenly angels. Get ya halos mangled, in the throat of ya saviour strangled. Enough to baffle your ears a little shrapnel from the chapel stairs. Ayyo my flow is pain. I feel nothing I'm bleeding over Cain. This is a soldier game fuck 'em buck 'em blow his brain. I camel-clutch mics put ya fuckin' soul in flames. Take a hold of you and scold you with Jehovah's name. We fuckin' load and aim, ayyo Chief Kamach'. Take these rappers and strangle 'em until they breathing stops. We talking weed and rocks, Desert E's and glocks. The only thing that make me happier is bleeding cops. I only fuck around with ill rappers. My homie Celph got the heritage, stealth and all the ill clappers. You only mad 'cos your flame is dying. It ain't hard to find you can catch me on the grind with Seamus Ryan. Master builder. Rap British Bulldog boy ask Mathilda. Cats with the steel young god. The soul benders with uncontrollable tempers. Leave you dead in your Nikes like you was Heaven's Gate cult members. Yonder yo the, money folder with that funky odour. Don't get it twisted like I'm speakin' with the tongue of Yoda. You stay behind the bushes like a cop that's under quota. I'm sayin', "Fuck the Bushes" like a foreign country soldier. Shay's worthy my family play dirty. We continue to diss you discontinue like a J-.  Yo you better tell cuz'. To rely on M-s like D- does. It's the Army of the Pharaohs. Make a threat, you're hardly a scarecrow. We bombard you with ammo, knockin' off your sombrero. So move back pendejo, you dealin' with a lot of these guys. Who rock silk suits with Mafia ties. I'm blazing hot, open my mouth, flames come out. Youse a snitch open your mouth, and names come out. So we gon'pop your top off and brains come out. Nigga I thought you said you knew, what a gangsta 'bout?. Hang 'em out, these pussies is wet, leave 'em to dry. I do the work of the devil, I'm a +hell of a guy+. Unload the MP and leave your studio sprayed. And have blood squirting out ya head like Coolio's braids. Doggy this is how we slaughter heads. Catch you sleepin' stab you so deep the tip of the blade puncture your water bed. 'Cos I'm the type to slice the skin on your back off. Come back a week later and slice the motherfuckin' scab off. . Bounce bounce, bounce, Jay-Z huh?. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella y'all, ha ha. Bounce, bounce, bounce, Roc-A-Fella y'all. Check, check. Yo, I'm makin short term goals, when the weather folds. just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold. Chilly with enough bail money to free a big willie. High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly. Shoppin sprees, copin three. Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah yes. bouncin in the lex luger, tires smoke like buddha.  G's to the crap shooter, niggaz can't fade me. Chrome socks beamin. Through my perephreal I see ya schemin. Stop dreamin, I leave your body steamin. Niggaz is fiendin, what's the meanin?. I'm leanin on any nigga intervenin. with the sound of my money machine-in {brrrr}. My cup runneth, over with hundreds. I'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and runnin. Y'all niggas don't want it, I got the Godfather flow. The Don Juan DeMarco; swear to God, don't get it fucked up. I'm takin out this time. to give you a piece of my mind . Who do you think you are?. Baby one day you'll be a star. Last seen out of state where I drop my slang. I'm deep in the South kickin up top game. Bouncin on the highway switchin fo' lanes. Screamin through the sunroof - money ain't a thang. Your worst fear confirmed. Me and my fam' roll tight like The Firm. Gettin down for life, thats right, you better learn. Why play with fire, burn. We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire. We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm. 'til legs spread like germs. I got extensive hoes, with expensive clothes. and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows. What y'all don't know?. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, cause you can't knock the hustle. But until the late thang I'm the one who's crazy. cause that's the way you're makin me feel. . I'm just tryin to get mine, I don't have the time. to knock the hustle for real. Yo, y'all niggaz lunchin, punchin the clock. My function is to make much and lay back munchin. Sippin Remy on the rocks, my crew, somethin to watch. Nothin to stop, un stoppable. Scheme on the ice, I gotta hot your crew. I gotta, let you niggaz know the time like Movado. My motto, stack rocks like Colorado. Auto off the champagne, Cristal's by the bottle. It's a damn shame what you're not though  Me. Slick like a gato, fuckin Jay-Z. My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me. Tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what. Straight bananas; can a nigga, see me?. Got the US Open, advantage Jigga. Serve like Sampras, play fake a rappers like a campus. Le Tigre, son you're too eager. You ain't havin it?  Good, me either. Let's, get together and make this whole world believe us huh?. At my arraignment, screamin. all us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even. Thievin, as long as I'm breathin. Can't knock the way a nigga eatin - fuck you even. I'm takin out this time. to give you a piece of my mind. Who do you think you are?. Baby one day you'll be a star. But until the late thang I'm the one who's crazy. cause that's the way you're makin me feel. I'm just tryin to get mine, I don't have the time. to knock the hustle for real. {Mary J Blige ad libs to fade}. So many emcees focusin on black people extermination. We keep it balanced with that knowledge of self, determination. It's hot, we be blowin the spots, with conversations. C'mon let's smooth it out like Soul Sensation. We in the house like Japanese in Japan, or Koreans in Korea. Head to Philly and free Mumia with the Kujichagulia TRUE. Singin is swingin and writin is fightin, but what. they writin got us clashin like titans it's not excitin. No question, bein a black man is demandin. The fire's in my eyes and the flames need fannin . With that what?  Determination. 	repeat . Things I say and do, may not come quite through. My words may not convey just what I'm feelin. Yes yes come on, yes yes. Knowledge Of Self is like life after death. With that you never worry about your last breath. Death comes, that's how I'm livin, it's the next days. The flesh goes underground, the book of life, flip the page. Yo they askin me how old, we livin the same age. I feel the rage of a million niggaz locked inside a cage. At exactly which point do you start to realize. That life without knowledge is, death in disguise?. That's why, Knowledge Of Self is like life after death. Apply it, to your life, let destiny manifest. Different day, same confusion, we're gonna take this. hip-hop shit and keep it movin, shed a little light. Now y'all bloomin like a flower with the power of the evident. Voices and drums original instruments. In the flesh presently presentin my representation. With that what?  Determination. 	repeat . - - - - these two parts overlap - - - -. Things I say and do, may not come quite through. My words may not convey just what I'm feelin. 	repeat . The most important time in history is, NOW, the present. So count your blessings cause time can't define the essence. But you stressin over time and you follow the Roman calendar. These people enter Cona like Gattaca, you can bet . they tryin to lock you down like Attica, the African diaspora. represents strength in numbers, a giant can't slumber forever. I know you gotta get that cheddar whatever. Aiyyo I heard you twice the first time money, get it together. You must be History, you repeatin yourself out of the pages. You keepin yourself depleatin your spiritual wealth. That quick cash'll get your ass quick fast in houses of detention. Inner-city concentration camps where no one pays attention. or mentions the ascension of death, til nothing's left. The young, gifted and Black are sprung addicted to crack. All my people where y'all at cause, y'all ain't here. And your hero's using your mind as a canvas to paint fear. With, broad brush strokes and tales of incarceration. You get out of jail with that Knowledge of Self determination. Stand in ovation, cause you put the Hue in Human. Cause and effect, effect everything you do. and that's why I got love in the face of hate. Hands steady so the lines in the mental illustration is straight. The thought you had don't even contemplate. Infinite like figure eight there's no escape. From that what?  Determination. 	repeat . Things I say and do, may not come quite through. My words may not convey just what I'm feelin. 	repeat . . Things I say and do, may not come quite through. My words may not convey just what I'm feelin. 	repeat . What I'm feelin, what I'm feelin, ooooh, what I'm feelin. . Yo, DOC - why don't you blaze that J?. Cause this is the Law House experience. So you know, it's gonna be some mega shit. So who is that? . KMG will never be a trick . Step up to the mic like a baller then I pimp this gift . And only I possess . I illustrated that way to get this shit off my chest . I'm ghetto raise to amaze the crowd, it's quite simple . KMG has degrees from Unity of South Central . I'm a graduate, and it's all legit . From the pimpin, the ballin' and all that good shit . I have the mega thoughts, in which I speak in a slang . While I'm peekin' it with the Gs from the Ruthless gang . Ain't nothin' changes but the weather like I said before . Cause I'm livin' like hustlers and I'm checkin' galore . Yo, I have to give it up to the DOC . A Ruthless brother, who's down with the KMG . So all hail to the niggaz that's turnin' it out . And maybe then, I'll take the gun barrel out of your mouth . Knowledge, from one generation to another. Perserved, and then transmitted, get it? . Down the Ruthless way, you know what I'm saying? . So what's up Dre? . Now I'm a swinger, I'm not a motherfuckin' singer . But I bring up, melody that always seems to ring up . Bell as well, let's make it so you can tell . Yo, it's comin' from Compton where the ballers dwell . Cause I'm Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, causin' propaganda . When I'm on the mic, I demand a . Little bit of time to express myself . From CD and wax, kickin' the facts and it's like that . A nigga with a motherfuckin' attitude . You know the deal, kickin' some real shit . And if a sucker ever thinks he can get some from me. Yo, step off, I'm kickin' lyrics for the deaf and the dumb . But any occasion, gettin' the bitches with the mega persuasion . Then my dick starts to make an invasion . But, yo, I can't go on . Because this is the end of my part on the last song . Real G from the streets, villainous when he speaks . For he bust this he can't deal, and give it up for real . Now when you see me, you're duckin' and slippin, yo, then you fell down . You fucked up and finally figured who was the cell down . Pullin' the pulls, crotchin' the bull . The weak motherfuckers were smellin' like shit . So I guess that they're full of it. And I love it when I dress like a crook . With a "I don't give a fuck" look . The Villain was thumpin' off like a hero . Jackin' other niggaz with beef, off of relief, I mean the zeros . The rest of the  precent was sent to do what I say . NWA and ATL and we don't play . The DOC is doin' it also correctly . See, I broke it down for the ones who tried to check me . But I can't be checked, cause I'm the checker . When you see a nigga wrecked, believe that I'm the wrecker . The right is for the fight then the left will attend . When doin' it wrong, MC Ren is on the last song . From a genius to temporary insanity, the ganster's dream . The bitches' fanasty, Ruthless, so now we've come to the pay off . One motherfuckin, two motherfuckin' three . It's the Hip-Hop thugster Eazy-E . So I grab the mic and then I clear my throat . First nigga kickin' lyrics in a straightcoat . It's Eazy for me to come off like this . So you can kiss my ass where the sun rays miss . Or just give me the pussy, then I'll be straight . And if you don't, fuck it, I'll masturbate .  yeah, you bitches scream . Now bow down and praise The Lord for the wing ding . I got skill to deal and run game on bitches . You can tell that I'm sick, by the triple sixes . I hear voices in my head for what reason . Then when the talkin' stops  it's stopped by season . So back the fuck off and give me respect . Now they're shippin' me off cause Eazy played with a half deck . Criminal in his thoughts, murderous in his lyrics . The notorious Cold . Um, you know, I gotta have it . Now being above the law is an everyday habit . If you think I drop some pimp shit, I ain't . Perhaps, I say a couple rhymes to make the bitches faint . Now everybody wants to chill, ill and bill. Now what the fuck is the deal? . You need a nigga like me to get the shit goin'. Um has got the ultimate flowin' . Now it's time, for me to go off like a maniac . Run up, for cover cause I'm on the attiznack . An untouchable player rolled up into one mind .  reasons, why fools stayin' in line . Cause I ain't the average nigga behind the trigger . I lay and spray anythin' in my way . Cause I'm a boss player, for the streets of South Central . Believe what you want, but soon you'll eventually see . That ATL is straight to mega . Don't be surprise cause we played you like Sega . And as bodies keep droppin, you see me keep movin' on . Peace, I'm outta here, cause this is the last song . Mega place, persuasion, that's from the House. Law House that is; all graduates from USC. For those that don't know, it's the University of South Central. Yeah, you know that shit Law. Yo, this is Dr Dre, Ruthless Records is in full motherfuckin' effect. Droppin' shit that's goin' to hit  on the Ricta Scale, boy. And yeah, this is Cooooooooooold Um in the place. Word up. ATL definitely ranched y'all, y'all brought it so y'all caught it. A dose to the Mega Flex. Yo, right about now we wanna give a shout out to everybody . That helped put this motherafuckin' project together. Yeah, I'd like to give a shout out to my homie KMG. Yo, DJ Total Koas, Go-Mack With The Sack and Lay Law. And you know that, I wanna give a shout out to my homie MC Ren. Eazy-E the Hip-Hop Thuggster, my homie DJ Yella, The DOC and Michel'le. Yo, shouts goes out to Donovan. Mic Home, Stan, Mike Sims, LA Dre, you know, and to Jerry. And you know that, brand shit. Awww yeah, Mega thoughts, Law House. Definitely, gotta give a shout out to every record they kick it kind of soft. Law House, Hip-Hop. Break the City, Above the Law, kickin' Lyrics, Above the Law. West Coast is takin' this shit over. To the nineties, the nineties. . The law library saga continues, The Nacirema Dream version. As promised, yeah. You used to get a year for a gun they increasin the math. Nowadays you 'gon get three and a half. A predicate five or seven, word is bond. Welcome to law library, firearms . Take these bars and put 'em in your commissary  . The veils is heavy, lawyer takin every penny. Pay attention, you could leave your jail cell empty. I like to welcome you to my law library. Take these bars and play 'em in the beacon son. I am you, you are me, we are one. 'Cause to get freedom, you can't be free and dumb. We educated, so the cops is pissed. Now they got a new plan, stop and frisk. Interestin, they caught my attention. 'Cause this is a violation of the fourth amendment . Which speaks on search and seizure. So all officers should rehearse procedure . You gotta learn this, it's the right of the people to be secure. Against all unreasonable searches. They don't understand the amendment. They say stop and frisk is one of the many exceptions. They altered it, changed the definition. So now it's a perfect fit for all the bullshittin. Sounds like fiction, but to justify it in court. The cops gotta have reasonable suspicion. If they don't, this where I need you to listen. To search you they gotta ask for permission. I can't determine how that go. But if I was you, I would say hell no. Reason to stop fact determined by a cop. Informant, or havin presence on a high block. Reason to frisk suspect the law you breakin it. All suspicion that a man is armed an dangerous. Even though they makin these horrible laws. They cannot search you without probable cause. Gun cases get dictated by the laws. Your defense is to prove it's not yours. The presence in any room dwellin structure or vehicle any grounds. Of any machine gun is presumptive evidence now. Of it's unlawful possession by all persons . Occupyin a place, such as machine gun was found. If you in the vicinity of a gun you takin chances. Unless under the followin circumstances. A, if such weapon found was where. Upon a person, of one of the occupants there. B if the weapon found in the car was either . Being operated for hire, by a licensed driver. C is plain if one of the occupants has a valid license to have. And carry concealed, the same. What's the next chapter that I should reveal?. Article , appeals, law library. . Someday I'm gonna be walkin down the streets,. mindin my own business and BAM. I'm gon' be shot by some pig who's gonna SWEAR. that it was a mistake. I accept that as a part of my destiny. {Si es mi destino morir en la calle como un perro Hahaha}. Whattup kid?  That's right. Yo aiyyo aiyyo. Aiyyo let my niggas live. We show and prove get paper, catch me in the caper on shrooms yo. Let my niggas live. We real niggas that's God-body, challenge anything, make major moves. Let my niggas live. We giants, live off the land lions, post with iron, no pryin rules. Let my niggas live; aiyyo let my niggas live. Handle your bid and kill no kids. Millionaire feat, whole family eat; yo, y'all niggas is weak. Got a bird beak, chirp chirp speak. Kids that's rich that'll, run in your bitch and by the third week. Yo mark my word, me and my herb speak. That's that fire move like Schwinns yo. Invisible pens that write light, leave blends. Hit with the JF Kennedy shot. Smash with the Acapulco rifle got got. Bolt off, but got clocked. Legendary here, custom made it, shit bladed, word up. Design your alphabet, reps get graded. We in get-high saloons, big bag of shrooms, arm's length. Home of Allah's ten big rooms. So what we up in here, modelin large with rigorous moves. Exotic Gods bust my hammer at frauds. Call him a live merchant, dressed in all red, that's right y'all. Gucci jumper X-, gettin more head. I scream at the mirror, curse, askin God, "Why me?". Run in the black church, gun in my hand, y'all try me. I'm God-son, son of man, son of Marcus Garvey. Rastafari irie, Ha-ile Selassie. Police'll try to break us, but the streets raised us. It takes more than metal bars, we destined for ours. I hear murder plans from dopefiends, with elephant hands. Snots in they nostril, the blocks is hostile. There's no pots to piss in, glocks is spittin. Rocks cookin underground bodies stiffin, cops look at bird shit. Drop on the window pane, the oxygen is cocaine. It drove lots of men to die with no name. I been on boats, nut down throats, pee on bitches who famous. Pretty dick, puttin stitches in they anus. I'm the animal that Hugh Heffner created. The only nigga Sad dated, the most hated, Nas nigga. Roughneck reppin the set, bang 'em twice in the neck. CO flip and jerk the whole yard rec. Block vets, pop baretta a New York state of mind, gotta take mine. In the daytime, the Jakes'll hit ya forty-one times. So I live by the sword and obey hood laws. Make my team click like high heels on wood floors. . Grab a - hold to ya seats, my style bulldoze the streets. I talk dirty, puncture holes in my teeth. Cavity creep, I'm young hung over thirty. You with it move with it, now shut up I'm cool with it. Doc-tor, Jurassic IV rap-tor. Wrap your head in a gorge in trenches where rats crawl. It's mine  that's yours, my gun is bisexual. It's hittin male or female when I'm lettin go. This is a code alert; my truck rim size da number. on Jordan shirt, 's got to work. We stick to the streets my shell toe's Velcro . There I go - wearwolf standing with scarecrow s. Y'all niggaz barely move me . 'til you grow some balls like ms Mann from Scary Movie. You banned from being mooly. I keep it black gutter, white gutter. Chinese gutter by these brothers. Here try these fuckers here. . All my niggaz let's do it. All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it. Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it. Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it. My block let's do it. . I'm just too Kool and the Gang, it's a beautiful thang. Street pharmaceutical slang scoop loose in the brain. One mo' gen juice in my gin abusin yo chin. Be losing your religion again when the venom kicks in. Living with sin citizen X triple the threat . Mad dog wreck a animal house send in the vets. There it goes picking my nose fixing my clothes. At the same time keeping my flows different from yourz. Low key with the gold teeth half a O-Z on my person. Lookin at y'all niggaz like y'all owe me. For certain I'm all that my fo'-mat. wearin out ya do'-mat I'm hurtin commercialized acts. It's a wrap pull the curtain, Long John be long gone. I pop shit and pop more bottles then Sean Don. I got chip I'm just too ghetto like Banton. Mike V it's all in my jeans like Sean John. . All my niggas let's do it. All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it. Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it. Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it. My block let's do it. . Oow put ya ear to the train track I'm still comin. I +Stroke+ +Different+, after hours ya Phil Drummond. Peel lemons and put 'em in bitches Coronas. Hopin bitches will bone us, throw they lips on my shoulder. Where all my dirty fingernail tell her right hell. I'm a lay patient to play Jason and when you nightmare. STOP pop cordureoys and we order toys. Medulla oblongata mean on them +Waterboys+. Gorilla man do whatever. I'm bound to make a fan do the same thing Stan did in a letter. I bounce with a bitch with a ounce on a trip. Take her girlfriend, nut in they mouth when they kiss . And I make em SCREAM - I go banana yo. With animal anecdotes with Hannibal hammer loads. You be ducking like the pope when he bow in. You get that for touchin pit throats when they chowin . . All my niggas let's do it. All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it. Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it. Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it. My block let's do it. . Now that's that shit - that makes me zone the fuck out. in the club and get thrown the fuck out. Now ain't that a bitch - if y'all ain't with us then forget us. Miss Ebon ? hip hop guerillas. Damn just do the damn thing, ruin the game. For everybody bury the body, ruin my name. Meth man left hand Game Boy Advanced. Def Jam's employee of the month now let's dance. . All my niggas let's do it. All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it. Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it. Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it. My block let's do it. . Haha let's do it {}. Meth and Doc. All my peoples all my bitches. Meth and Doc. . 	Mmm  Say baby, you got some fries to go with that shake?. Ay what are you man?  Yo man, that is NO way to talk to a woman man. 	Man  I =BEEN= talkin to girls, man what are you talkin about?. 	That girl looks =GOOD=. Man look, you just, you buggin man, you know what you said?. 	Okay, okay, alright, =YOU= show me how to talk to a lady. Aight, bet, uhh sweetheart?. Listen up toots I like your looks. I used to see girls like you in them girlie books. I'm losin my mind, but it's not lost yet. I'd pay a thousand dollars just to see your sihlouette. Red is the rose's color, blue is the violet's. Here's my number baby, when you get home, dial it up. I'll be your man and you can be my lady. and YOU can come to my house, and we can get busy baby. Girl forget about your boyfriend, he's nothin but a hassle. You can come with me and cold chill in my castle. Oh what a wonderful time it would be, imagine -- . -- you and me, in my jacuzzi. or horseback ridin or we can play tennis. But, the most intimate part will be when it's. time to eat dinner, we'll go get dressed. And then we'll give a call to Antonie, my private chef. First we'll eat crablegs, by candlelight. Then sip wine by the fire for the rest of the night. And if the time is right, I'll ask you to be my lady. and we can dip right upstairs and get busy baby. You know since I first met you, . I wanted to let you know how I felt, so I could get you. to treat me like a phone and take me off hold. and make your hero come so I can pour my heart and soul. I can't help but dream about the ultimate life. Two kids, a dog, a goldfish - and you as my wife. We'd have a rosebush, with a white picket fence. and all the neighborhood kids would call me Mr Prince. And on the lazy Saturday afternoons. right after me and the kids get finished watching cartoons. we could send them both outside to go playin. And we could spend some time upstairs, get what I'm sayin?. The only problem, that we would have. is whether or not to drive the Porsche, the Benz, or the Jag. And every night before bed, flip the radio on. and sip Dom Perignon to the quiet storm. Gucci, Louis Vuitton, you want more?. Gloria Vanderbilt or Liz Claiborne. or Christian Dior from head to foot. The world is yours if you'll be my toots. Ohhh I know what your problem is. Look those other chicks are just good friends. I'll give up my harem if you'll be my lady. C'mon whaddya say, huh?  Let's get busy baby. Look, be honest, c'mon, don't lie. Tell the truth - I'm a hell of a guy, right?. Pretty smile, light brown eyes. I've got miles on them other guys, face it. You could search America, Russia or Germany. but never will you find another man equivalent to me. But let's discuss it, perhaps over lunch. about how I'll be your poopsie, and you will be my hunybunch. "Now isn't that special?"  Why ain't you widdit?. You'll be my only girl, yeah, that's the ticket. Life's a risky business, babe you know the deal. Sometimes you just gotta say what the hell. Now is that time, roll for the money. Life is a gamble but I'm a sure thing honey. Girl, you know you drivin me crazy. So how bout it, come on, let's get busy baby. . Where my bitches dat would freak wit me . How many my niggaz dat would row wit me . where my bitches dat would lie for me . How many niggaz dat would die for me, die for me, die for me. .  . Where the fuck my thugs at ready or not nigga ain't no Turnin Back. Where the fuck my hoes at who I pimp hard when they wanna get to a tap . But you know you can do dat that luv I'm just hear to fuck you know dat luv. Want you want baby roll it or what while you think about . Twist me a douche you holdin me up how many bitches wanna ride wit me . Or cum tru wit the top down like . where my bitches at hop in make it fast don't slow me down. Where the fuck my killers at end of the light . weight now  pop a gun wit them now. Where the fuck them clowns at kickin the dough for the pussy by the hour. where the them hoers at get your dough mama. I'm ride till the end of the baby this life gonna drive me crazy. Been getting high lately wonderin where the lord gonna take me. Where the fuck my gangsters at coo never sweat under the gun. Where the fuck my Mistress at at cock back ready to pop something. Since you niggaz all about frontin let's how and when you want. Ya don't want my thugs to get up on it . leave it alone cuz we bought our liquor, now. .  . Bitch niggaz better smarten up . before I bring out the toast and touch you up. Fuckin wit Ja you know you got a lot of luck . but nowadays you ain't gettin out as much. what the fuck iz up baby boy you scared or what . I Swiss nothin but the hot shit. So I hear you wanna pop shit you don't know who you . Fuckin wit let me show how lifes a Bitch. I went through drug money hustlin every day to get a taste . Through gun or blood money Killin niggaz back then for a small face. Got in the hot money wish yourz was mine in every case . now it's cream money spelt the raw and if more get chased. holla out my niggaz be the word of mouth . My bitches bang head like the dirty south nigga bounce. row my niggaz ride my bitches if you ain't heard nigga ride out wit us. Where the fuck all my murderers hit up wit the heat nigga just because. got the whole world wonderin what the motive was, let's ride. .  .  recently but ain't got time to speak.  hope it ain't my time for the glen to reap.  turn around look them mud eye gun'em down.  cool'em off what the fuck iz you hollin bout. Niggaz be run-in wild) paid to strip what ever happened to the sun hit.  deal wit a lot of niggaz get killed for this.  rest in peace to my dogz wit luv till death. never to hell I've been down wit some of the best yeah nigga. . Yo, we been through this before right?   So we. figurin', if we gonna do it, we gotta freak it, y'know what I'm sayin?.   Cuz everything gotta go up from here, right?. So Hi-Tek, turn it up a notch. Hail Mary, 'matta fact hail Jane. Niggaz take my name in vain/vein like I was cocaine. My affirmations kill emcees like assasination. Bringin' you pain until you wish you had a vaccination. Or vaccine, I shine like Vaseline. Gas plays like petroleum, walk over them like linoleum. My vocab expand like a rubber band. Walkin' nekkid through the motherland, give the finger to my brotherman. Niggaz just don't understand my reasons, I transcend like season. And scar these rappers like legion. It's treason, my suspension attract attention. I'm ventin', givin' these chickenheads detention. Did I mention my name, yo, go by the Jane Doe. Drenched in Polo, chill downtown in Soho. You don't know, this is just half my potential. Check my credentials, come harder than sequential. It's essential, you listen, I drive, you a pedestrian. They bless me on the track cuz I attack wit' the estrogen. Rhyme against the best a men, Jane burn it up. When you hear it in the whip, tell your man to turn it up. Yoget ityo. Yo, we fortified live, supportin' allies. The wack is tryin' to shorten our lives, it sorta waters my eyes. But here is some'n the cryin' talk about. The  on that cassette you and cousin fought about. That led to God and Satan's fallin' out. Encourage the liquor for those who ain't here that you pourin' out. On -way, your parents, preacher and spouse called my house. Revive or ruin, my theories of mics. Sony or Aiwa, black or white, I fit in all stereotypes. Search for a cast to plot, I make you a laughin' stock. So s, I could walk a half a block and feel the aftershocks. Rain of acid drops, seek some help. Now don't rewind, get it the first time,  . Shouldn't have to repeat myself. Eternally verbally, I have numbers, succumb to time outs . In rhyme bouts you'll dial , just to get a line out. Known fact or factors and non-rappers fractured. Results in more cast appearances than a hundred actors. Emcees I'm testin' like diseases injected in gerbils. Wordsworth, Kweli, Hi-Tek, Reflection Eternalwhat. My style high life like Fonz when I burn heads like a conk. Cuz niggaz front, when their chances get slim like Pharoahe Monch. Thinkin' they shits is heavy when they light like ilumination. Intellectual masturbation with premature ejaculation. I'm comin' cleaner than vaccinations. My fascination with character assassination, . Got these niggaz burnin' like sensation. We keep it hot like matches and on lock like latches. Wack emcees get they microphones snatched like Lee patches. So YOU GO To every wack muthafucka that you know . My lyrics they get up in your genes/jeans like Parasucos. So there's no mystery about the father, niggaz is hot and bothered. Like the bitches that they are, takin' pictures with stars. And got 'em open, but after they little hopes and dreams get broken. Me and Hi-Tek, we live long and prosper like Vulcans. Think I'm jokin'?  We both got sons, we make cream and break dreams. See through the fake schemes, wipin' your slate clean. Like a squeegee, we be lightin' shit up like phosphorus. Turnin' flamboyant niggaz anonymous, depressin' to optimus. You stoppin' us is preposterous, like an androgenous masohganist. You pickin' the wrong time, steppin' to me when I'm in my prime like Optimus. Transformin', from rookie of the year to veteran. Hip-hop is big business like Con Edison or medicine. But fuck it, they gonna let us in, or else we rush the door. I got to many reasons, save your 'whys' and 'what fors'. yo). Blackstar, Wordsorth, Punchline and Jane Doe . We got the fortified five, exhibit level degree. Check it. I keep dough in my pocket while you follow the false prophet. Get deep like Islamics wrapped in a white garment. I touch topics that try to open up your optics. Vacate in the Tropics, you dodgin' bullets in the projects. Cut the nonsense, I'm hotter than alot a men. Start honorin', got more wifeys than Solomon. Fuck the squad you in, a-yo we be the biddomb. Regardless what I spit on, you worse with the tracks I shit on. Once you get on, it's fair you can't trust . Words & Punch, make rappers march like the third month. I build with friends, lyrically spit gems. Call me diamond, cuz I'm your girl's best friend. Emcees are born losers, alcoholic abusers. I'll go on the radio and start a gay rumor. And then I'll talk about how the crowd tried to boo ya. Label shoot ya, stressed out with brain tumors. My gat claps, % of the wack. Take it back to real rap, Krylons wit' the fat cap. Get robbed for your ASCAP, leave you inside. Fortified live, reppin' NY 'til I die. Black body radiation situation that we workin' wit'. My verb exists enlisted by the bogeys campin' services. The purpose is, make you go and purchase this, no nervousness. We are, hot like black tar, Black Star with emergerence. Superlative, you fabricated like the word absurditive. I'm rockin this from here to where the purges live. To Brooklyn where the merchants live. Next door to the murderers . And bourbon is a elder man's medicinal alternative. My memory is furnished with, back streets to back seats to fat Jeeps. Legendary athletes who play by the trash heap. My crew wasn't that deep, but beef we didn't act sweet. Treadin' on these stompin grounds you better catch some black feet. Flashy, it was between DeKalb and Pulasky. Off the meter like an out of borough taxi. They run your pockets fastly, black and nasty, nappy and crafty. And SWAT are either sittin' in Clinton or Kaksaki. Man Rudolph can screw off  You too soft to stop us. You and your coppers should see some foot doctors. Got your burnt chest popped up, but keep your guns cocked up. Cuz all them cats that you knocked up and always gon' be locked up. Hide yaself like Donna Summer, another number one. And comin' from the underground, this is how it's comin' down. Baby let me run it down,. Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Jane Doe, Punch, Wor<ahem> ummE. Excuse me  Just ate another emcee. Sometimes that's just how it be. Partner wash you down with green tea and some lime. We like the five on the fist, fortified organized like DIS. .  Turn your lights down low. And pull your window curtain. Oh let the moon come shining in. Into our life again. Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time. . I got this message for you girl. But it seems I was never on time. Did I wanna get through to you girl?. On time, on time . I want to give you some love. I want to give you some good, good loving. . Oh I, oh I, oh I. Yeah I want to give you some good, good loving . Turn your lights down low. . Never ever try to resist, oh no. . Let your love come shining in. . Into our lives again. . And ooh, I love you. . And I want you to know right now. . Ooh I love you. . And I want you to know right now . That I, that I. I wanna give you some love . I wanna give you some good, good loving. Oh I, oh I, oh I. I wanna give you some good, good loving . Loving you is a like a song I replay. Every three minutes and thirty seconds of every day . And every  was written for us to recite . Every beautiful melody of devotion every night. It's potion like this ocean that might carry me. In a wave of emotion to ask you to marry me. And every word, every second, and every third. Expresses the happiness more clearly than ever heard . And when I play them, every chord is a poem. Telling the Lord how grateful I am cause I know him . The harmonies possess a sensation similar to your caress . If you asking then I'm telling you it's yes. Stand in love, take my hand in love, God bless . I want to give you some good, good loving. I want to give you some love. I want to give you some good, good loving. Oh I, oh I, oh I. I wanna give you some good, good loving. Good, good, good loving. . Yeah, uh-huh, watch this y'all. Uhh, watch this y'all. C'mon, Jigga, watch this y'all. C'mon, Roc-A-Fella y'all {ad libs continue}. It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z, it's Jay-Z and Kid Capri. Cause I'm like that yo I'm really like that. As a young'un dumbin, gun in the waist. Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain. And had to numb it with base. Couldn't drink the Henny straight, I needed somethin to chase . Nowadays I throw shots back, leavin nuttin to waste. Life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin in place. Gettin nowhere fast, a whole year done past. I vowed to never stop winnin, 'til the earth stop spinnin. Rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women. If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin. My motto is simply I will not lose. Abide by the block rules, I buy my glocks used. wit bodies on it, let me know anybody want it?. I'm raised, illrational, way misunderstood. If you ain't live like I live, been one with the hood. I done what I could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still. Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature. If hell awaits a, nigga I'm comin with the razors. Still flashin ya shit, try to pass me in a six. Type classy on the wrists, every bit of  karats. This is, not a game this is not why I came. May these words find a spot on your brain and burn. Then I recycle my life I shall return. . I'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin the pump. Spittin a couple of curse words, and hittin you chump. Shit, I get digits in lumps. I'm a motherfuckin problem, is this what you want?. Overachiever, I love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper. I hate the ones that blow up ya beeper. Cause I, go in ya deeper, I only bone divas. Impregnate the world when I "cum" through your speakers . Fuck hot, my records got the fever. Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up. I creep up when the beef heats up. Caught him with his feet up and shoes off, bout to snooze off. Hatin, cause you can't turn the booze off. You dudes is too soft, why I don't fuck with you all. I might bark with X, or spit at the Lox. But, other than that, I don't be fuckin with cats. Just me Ty and BI, thug it like that. E, Dame and Biggs, what's fuckin with that?. Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothin for that. Other than a couple of slugs in ya back . Rappers y'all, runnin around like I won't gun ya down. Last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around. Lord, accept this offerin here's somethin for your crown. I admit no malice, I just met his challenge and won. . Girls and guns, all I want. stock exchange, rocks and thangs. . Due to technical dificulties beyond our control. Reggie Noble's stinkin ass will not be performing with us.  Erick Sermon, keep keep it on.          Def Squad, Erick Sermon, Redman keep keep it on.          K to M Keith Murray keep keep it on.          Keep keep on, ya don't stop.          Keep keep it on, and ya don't stop.          Keep keep it on, and ya don't stop.          K-Solo, Redman, ya don't stop.          Erick Sermon, Keith Murray ya don't stop. . I X'd ya amateur, damage ya, have fools jumpin off. cliffs grabbin their ass cheeks yellin GERONIMO. It ain't a problem at all when K solve. Three-hundred and sixty degrees rhymes or boulevards. are charged, by my entourage, who put. the Ram in Dodge, bas cla in bumba claat. Maintain, few remain in the game. So I remain focused and pop's the main aim. Well it's the Funk Doctor Spock, the pon cock lyricist. My mentality's so def yo I ain't even hearin this shit. Biscuits be cockin back when I be comin. I guess they heard how I be takin MC's out by the hundreds. Wanted, for two million and a body alone. And use the microphone as my accomplice. Scientist, field-trippin, thinkin. What the fuck is this funky fungus that growed among us. Sprayed a few, shank a few, rap crews say they shamed too. But can't hang two, like we do. Fuck them, they better bow slow. This rhyme'll cold hit em, real quick cause I'm K-Solo. Battle any dude, this retifuge I'm in cruise. See what the better vet, could do, to you undouche. you three groups, four punkses at a time. I box two and knock em out at the drop of a dime. The long faced murderer. Servin over two billion motherfuckers a day like Mickey D's circular. Workin a, shifty hour like a burgular. My crew herbin ya, like we never even heard of ya. Odds are evens, that I'ma be the one creepin. My new niggaz check the flows of the major deacon. The bazaar, the rap non-superstar. When I step up I pump volume like rah. My afro blows in three-hundred sixty degrees. So this makes me, the light skinned Richard Roundtree. Vocabularies very, loquacious. And gregarious, pump that too, go grab the dictionary. Fly word that we flip on the M-I-K-E mike. My crew be like, this style's hype. Wrong's the opposite forget the bullshhhh. To rhyme like the K-Solo, you need more than a soul kid. Come closer, while I lock it down like I'm supposed ta. You battle me, you won?  You might of, but then you woke up. My turbulence will make peanut butter chunk up. Call me tha Brick City, Stock Cock Broker. Y'all niggaz is fools, playin with hood moves. You couldn't total my amount if you sung I Missed You. Dissed you dismissed you yeah I fixed you. Let your girl suck on the shit that I piss through. Haha haha. Keep keep it on . Yo what we doin son?. Knockin niggaz the fuck out. . There was a lawyer named Jones, born to find loopholes. for brands like Nabisco to legalize fructose. Before he'd go to sleep at night he'd count his money. Amazing   in his 's . Had a condo in Manhattan, a beachfront in Nantucket. A high rise in Miami and a wife with a bun in the oven. Plush society served by Guinan. She got a stomach virus and they buried 'em five deep. And Terine is nailed to the TV. Her lifestyle contradicts her religious beliefs. She would talk about the box as menopause. Healthy as an ox, many mental scars. One day on her way home from mass. Her high heels slipped off the gas. Flipped her Grand Am, head smashed half through the windshield. They buried her with four other strangers in Peteskill. A lawyer, and a copper and a doctor in the same casket. A junkie, and a baby and a hussie in the same casket. A rapper, and an athlete and a pastor in the same casket. A crossdresser, an executive professor in the same casket. Sleepy Sky got tattoos of tiny dots. from the wrong side of trackmark he's on. His girl noticed when some money went missin. Most his friends did this shit with him. Caught Hep C in Virginia, swappin syringes. Spikes the linen when he heard a knock at the window. All of a sudden then the doorknob busted. Feds storm in, fuckin like they always dusted. They turned Scott mop to a pond. Left him leakin in a bathtub to rot. A chip for every arm, half the future. A bag on a boxcar headed for Chattanooga. Half a gram Pam scored well on exams. Brown hair, blue eyes, full ride to Yale. By spring semester she couldn't take the pressure. She flunked her electives so she fucked her professor. And after he came in her she made him dinner. Lemon chicken and chocolate mousse cake for dizzert. Pam dropped out when her seed popped out. And now her baby daddy's leavin for Moscow. Pam panicked, blew a bag of 'gnac then. Drove to her man's house frantic and stabbed him. Put the little bastard in her Jansport backpack. Climbed up to Cupid and just splashed into traffic. A junkie, and a baby and a hussie in the same casket. A crossdresser, an executive professor in the same casket. A Jehovah, a baby and a soldier in the same casket. A baker, and a painter and a faker in the same casket. We're all the same turning grey in the grave. And they'll bury us together you should save a little space. A Mormon, and a Muslim and a warden in the same casket. A chiropractor, a gyno and an actor in the same casket. An ex, and a baby and a vet in the same casket. With the masses food for maggots. Food for thought, lunch for maggots {}. Food for thought you bastards. . YeahOnce again. It's like this. AotP, we runnin' this rap shit now. Celph Titled, we runnin' this rap shit now. ES, we runnin' this rap shit now. Warchild, niggaz runnin' this rap shit now. It's about to be a motherfuckin' slaughter in this bitch. We got the awfullest clips, rusty burners with the rotten rubber grips. We some hardcore crooks, drinkin' rubbing alcohol. Never use a rubber at all, we fuckin' bitches raw. Chokin' up your faculty, turn your whole "gang green". Unload the magazine to your knees, give you a gangsta lean. Military minded, on the A-Train with a deranged brain. I was buildin' the walls of hell way before the flames came. And bitches love me with a MAC-. Tellin' the police sketch artist I look like Jon B with a deadly weapon. Keepin' it ghetto even when it's war, ock. Rockin' jean shorts and a tanktop, loadin' shells in the tank top. Aimin' the cannon to blast you where you standin'. You could be in Montana campin', but your head'll land in the Hamptons. Won't grin for the camera when you clickin' it at me. But I'll smile with a gun in my hand, I'm trigger happy. Listen up, it's murder music 'till your wrist is cut. Fire octane, nigga y'all can sip it up. We do this rap shit here so we can live it up. We walk around with hot flames runnin', give it up. You could never fathom the level beyond your God or your Devil. If every thought is a pebble . A radical rebel and yes the jacket's full-metal. And men I'm hackin' through several . A blow to your composure, heat of the moment. I be meat-cleavin' a bleedin' opponent, he didn't want it. These heathens try to eat off me but they repeatedly clone it. This industry is mine, I can put my feet way up on it. I put my people up on it, my sinister and lethal ministry of evil. Turn a Vinnie Diesel to a skinny weasel. I'm the pinnacle and steeple of this faction, feeble men I'm smashin'. Playin' God? you ain't Jim Caviezel with The Passion. Automatic how I'm causin' havoc, I body maggots. Who thought they brought the static, they probably addicts. And fiendin' for a bag of this antagonistic savageness. You talkin' platinum but ain't crackin' pitchers' batting averages. Don't make me get your fuckin' face broken. I ain't jokin' when I'm flamethrowin'. I'll spit a  at you to slit your fuckin' veins open. I'll spit a curse or two just to keep the rain pourin'. I'll lift the skirt of you to see you pussies ain't workin'. I'll live to murder you until I see the game's over. We never heard of you and 'cause of that, the name's worshipped.  Get it correct. Or y'all can find sharp things straight embedded in necks. I rep my team to the death, I will slice your people. Wave my flags in the air, plus the knives are lethal. Hottest shit to hit the streets since Nas did Ether. Now we pick at your soul and let your conscience eat ya. And take over, Crypt, Es, and Celph. You reap what you sow, so protect ya health, NIGGA. Yeah motherfuckers That's how we get fuckin' down. AotP, Vinnie P, Crypt the Warchild, Celph Titled. Esoteric, Chief Kamach', Planetary, Apathy. . You catch my rock, rolling down Loners Blvd. You've got dreams, keep on dreaming. High school teen, never got accepted. Guess it didn't get to go how I expected. Now a nigga pissed. Steady lookin' at the bottom of the list like. "Where the fuck re my projections?". Nigga's like "Next year Tory. It's all good, you'll be next year's story". Then I said "Man, you don't even understand. Man, I'm droppin' out now, ain't no next year for me". So I left, bus route to the bitch down . Took the last dollar that i had for this dream. And I spent it on some naughty nonsense, Micky D's. Shit, wasn't doin' too fine. Then i made a call to this nigga named Rhymes. Said he had a little studio and it wasn't top-notch. But could damn near do the whole nine. So I said "Cool" made a few songs in this shit. Stayed too long in this shit. But by the month, I was there so much. Nigga's had to lay futons in this shit. I was in my mom's Susanne. Drove to my first shows in a new Jetta. Always said one day I would be the man. I would just laugh like, who are you tellin'. Me, I'mma go far. I can still dream in this world full of stars. I can still scheme in this world full of narcs. If they can still scheme and I'm on my car show. I'mma dream, I'mma dream, dream. Dream like you said to me. Best words that were said to me. Best words that were said to me. Ten long miles, from a long way home. I'm headed downtown cause I'm workin' on this lil mixtape. With no fillers, no throwaway songs, hopin' that this shit just go. Sadly for me, this shit didn't. So I make another mixtape and another mixtape and another mixtape. 'Til them nigga's start sayin' shit's hidden. Then I meet a guy named Sascha , he tells me he's thinkin' 'bout takin' up management. Say he got a million dollar empire on his mind, he just need an artist to plan it with. He also say he throw shows out in Texas and maybe I should open up for one. Then I say "Cool man' he books me the next flight out like I'm showin' up for somethin'. I lay down Houston around nine, warehouse live. Was my worst show ever, nigga's damn near got boo'd off stage. I performed my first live show ever. Women in the crowd would scream for a nigga. Nigga's in the crowd they was [?] up down. Bad enough nigga's let Bun B watch. But I feel like I let Sascha down, shit was live on stage dog. That night felt like a nigga had the whole world on my shoulders. Twenty years old tryna find the one spot in this world gettin' colder. Then he came to me like, "Dog, I could put money on this, bet a hundred on this". Gives me a few tips for the next night, set list says. Dog you can run it on this. And it all works out. It's a big world. The bigger your dream, the bigger you're livin' it. It's all in your mind. Don't let no body fuck up your high. It's a big world. The bigger your dream, the bigger you're livin' it. It's all in your mind. Don't let no body fuck up your high. Father, I lift up my son, I lift up anyone that travels with him and by his speed I pray that you go ahead of himI assign angels right now to this assignment and I declare Father that they will go before you to make straight his path, I command that every crooked path would be made straight, every rough place would be made smooth, every obstacle, every barricade, every blockade, every conspiracy, every trap, right now is destroyed and removed out of his way in the name of Jesus And I thank you that it is written that goodness and love and mercy, form all the things of our life. That was it, I had hit rock bottom, lowest point of my life Just me, the music and a couple quarters in my pocket Then it hit methe phone call that would change my life. Hello. Hello, hihiis this, is this Tory Lanez?. Yeah, who this?. Hi, yeah this is Mike from Interscope. Uhm, you slid me your music a couple weeks ago when I was leaving the office. Oh yeah, what's up?. UhI didn't have a chance to listen to it until recently and oh my head is just blown off. Oh thank you so much bro, thank you. We need to talkwe need to talk. F'sho. Uh, do you have time this week to sit down?. Uhmyeah, yeah, when?. Doesdoes Friday work for you?. Yeah that works, that works. Okay, let's lock that in. Iight cool. II gotta run okay? Let's talk soon, see ya bye. Okay, perfect, I think we got him. Aye, aye Mike, let me ask you somethin'. You really think this kid could make hit records?. Honestly? The music speaks for itself. Alright, alrightwhylet's listen, let's see what he's got, let's put it in. Okaylet's do it. . Growing up in the hood, you know?. Going through a lot of things. . Lord forgive us cuz we all sinners. Cure us from/of all this evil that sin us. Free us from the demons, surrender us. It go, it go, let my peoples go. I said, I said. How many homies we gotta bury?. I sit at they grave sites, late night, lonely in the cemetary. Yeah, I been saved, guess I wasn't really ready. I reached for the apple, the Devil misled me. Sent me down a dead end street. Got me getting kicks outta stomping du' head into the concrete. How you gain pleasure from pain? The strain make it hard to maintain. I'm just trying to explain, anger inside, I tried to restrain. But I'm tied in the game, Scarface, have dreams of dying the same. Never forget, all the things I inherited. My Pop's gift of gab, mother's intelligence. Still I made bad choices, trying to go from rags to Rolls Royces. Carry on, soap oysters, reality, yo the projects'll carry me. Cuz they know I make sure we all live happily. Yo, I thank God every time I open my eyes. Still I visualize death, times, hoping I die. Cuz the pain too much to bear. And it wasn't straight the way we grew up like here. Born nappy and unhappy, grew to be gun happy. Learn to dodge obstacles as they come at me. Let fun pass me, childhood, forced to be the man of the house. So I act more like a child, understand what I'm 'bout. It's like I'm, chasing my teen years, none of it seem clear. Sell base to the fiends here, none of it seem fair. Race for the green, yeah, for my race I bleed tears. Missing my son, wishing my seed was near. Baby mama drama, I ain't trying to holla. I just wanna be a father, why you wanna see 'em part us?. Know and heed my angel, look what the game do. Mess around and change you, look in the mirror, plain view. Hope my soul ain't lost. Balance between right and wrong is so way off. One day I pay the cost, so I pray in my thoughts. Cuz when ya dreams is nightmares, have a man afraid of his thoughts. And life like the weight of the cross. I carry on my back, so thankful that I made it across. Cuz I could've been a statistic. You know a brother that, fit the description. Or a bullet that match ballistics. Or do a bullet say that I bagged and pitched it?. Or in a bag in the freezer like crab legs and fishsticks. Live by the words wrote in the Bible. But still the roaches got a better chance of survival. And why do we risk everything that we have?. Just to get more, anything you could grab. And my faith, yeah, forever was true. But the truth is, I'd rather be in Heaven with you . . Turn this up, turn this up. Turn this up, turn this up. RDX make di gyal dem a lose themselves. Major Lazer make di gyal dem a lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Major Lazer. Missy bad gyal a wine and a bruk dem back. And mi look fi ya badman fi touch dem hot. Vodka pon di rocks dat a touch dem spot. Hot gyal [?]. Bad riddim move [?] move themselves. RDX make di gyal dem a lose themselves. Pon di flow, pon di flow. Gyal a prove themselves. Don't stop. Gyal bruk weh. Mi seh dey bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Mi seh dey bruk weh. Bruk weh. Bruk weh, bruk weh. Back it up, yeh. Di way dey talk let me know what ya love yeh. Anywhere di fun be, that a where ya must stay. Pretty like a dolly, gyal ya up it physically. Pon di ill, a pon di bally, back it up inna di alley. Push it pon ya like a trolley, dem a semi gully gully. Shit, dat body ball honey mi say WHOA. Wine ah, pretty wine ah. Pretty wine ah, express yourself. Wine ah, sexy wine ah. Gyal ya mi wine ah, express yourself. . Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Missy bad gyal a wine and a bruk dem back. And mi look fi ya badman fi touch dem hot. Vodka pon di rocks dat a touch dem spot. Hot gyal [?]. Bad riddim move [?] move themselves. RDX make di gyal dem a lose themselves. Pon di flow, pon di flow. Gyal a prove themselves. Don't stop. Gyal bruk weh. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Major Lazer make mi lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves, lose themselves. Lose themselves. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. Gyal bruk weh. . It's funny how money change a situation. Miscommunication leads to complication. My emancipation don't fit your equation. I was on the humble--You on every station. Some wan' play young Lauryn like she dumb. But remember not a game new under the sun. Everything you did has already been done. I know all the tricks from Bricks to Kingston. My ting done made your kingdom wan' run. Now understand "L-Boogie's" non-violent. But if a thing test me, run for mi gun. Can't take a threat to mi new born son. L's been this way since creation. A groupie call, you fall from temptation. Now you wanna ball over separation. Tarnish my image in your conversation. Who you gon' scrimmage, like you the champion?. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. Now, now how come your talk turn cold?. Gain the whole world for the price of your soul. Tryin to grab hold of what you can't control. Now you all floss, what a sight to behold. Wisdom is better than silver and gold. I was hopeless, now I'm more hopeful. Every man wanna act like he's exempt. Need to get down on his knees and repent. Can't slick talk on the day of judgment. Your movement's similar to a serpent. Tried to play straight, how your whole style bent?. Consequence is no coincidence. Hypocrites always wanna play innocent. Always want to take it to the full out extent. Always want to make it seem like good intent. Never want to face it when it time for punishment. I know you don't wanna hear my opinion. But there come many paths and you must choose one. And if you don't change then the rain soon come. See you might win some, but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. . You might win some, but you really lost one. You just lost one, it's so silly how come?. When it's all done, did you really gain from. what you done done?  It's so silly how come?. You just lost one. Now don't you understand man universal law?. What you throw out comes back to you, star. Never underestimate those who you scar. Cause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard. You can't hold God's people back that long. The chain of Shatan wasn't made that strong. Trying to pretend like your word is your bond. But until you do right, all you do will go wrong. Now some might mistake this for just a simple song. And some don't know what they have 'til it's gone. Now even when you're gone you can still be reborn. And, from the night can arrive the sweet dawn. Now, some might listen and some might shun. And some may think that they've reached perfection. If you look closely you'll see what you've become. Cause you might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. You might win some but you just lost one. . You might win some, but you really lost one. You just lost one, it's so silly how come?. When it's all done, did you really gain from. what you done done? it's so silly how come?. You might win some, but you really lost one. You just lost one, it's so silly how come?. When it's all done, did you really gain from. what you done done? it's so silly how come?. You just lost one . What a bum-bum. . As I look at what I've done. The type of life that I've lived. How many things I pray the father will forgive. One situation involved a young man. He was the ocean and I was the sand. He stole my heart like a thief in the night. Dulled my senses blurred my sight. I used to love him but now I don't. I used to love him but now I don't. I chose a road of passion and pain. Sacrificed too much and waited in vain. Gave up my power ceased being queen. Addicted to love like the drug of a fiend. Torn and confused wasted and used. Reached the crossroad which path would I choose. Stuck and frustrated I waited, debated. For something to happen that just wasn't fated. Thought what I wanted was something I needed. When momma said no I just should have heeded. Misled I bled till the poison was gone. And out of the darkness arrived the sweet dawn. I used to love him but now I don't. I used to love him but now I don't. Father you saved me and showed me that life. Was much more than being some foolish man's wife. Showed me that love was respect and devotion. Greater than planets deeper than oceans. My soul was weary but now it's replenished. Content because that part of my life is finished. I see him sometimes and the look in his eye. Is one of a man who's lost treasures untold. But my heart is gold I took back my soul. And totally let my creator control. The life which was his to begin with. I used to love him but now I don't. . How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in?. There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong Nah Mean?. How can a mother fucka go round and hate a nigga . he never even met that he dont even know and shit?. I think this rap shit is all beef. Y'all dont even know every day I'm livin with stress. Got up out the streets you think a nigga could rest. Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless. I'm on the dance floor hot ass vest. You think I'm freakin' these chicks right?. I'try not to brush against they chest. You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped. Swear to everything when I leave this earth. It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt. You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts, fine. We'll lose two lives, yours and mines. Gimme any amount of time dont let Ms Carter grieve. at the funeral parlor drippin' tears on my sleeve. Told the judge didn't budge it was him or me. and I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged. Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God . And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be starsLucky Me. You only know what you see, . You dont understand what it takes to be me. I hate all girls with alterior motives. That's why I'm twenty plus years old, no sons no daughters. Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters. Hear the hate in my voice right? I hate that you noticed. Niggas wanna strip to the bone for shit you own. Hate a nigga like that faggot, get your own. Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome. Knowing one day Im'a have to flip, c'mon. You know the shit don't stop 'til the Crist don't pop. And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock. I'm trapped the whole worlds against me in fact,. It aint no turning back Bring It On. Hate the price of fame cause it cost too much. Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much?. Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us. Steady looking for flaws through us Lucky Me. You only know what you see, . You dont understand what it takes to be me. You only know what you see, . . You dont understand what it takes to be me . . Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly. But I know any type of success breeds envy. I know in the back of your mind your conjuring ways to hen me. Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny. But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive . Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up. And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up. Dont grieve for me my art remains. like a dart from the speaker to your heart. Spiritually through the portal now my words as a mortal. Plan to leave without a fight I plant a seed I give life. Though I can't see past the girls greed to call her wife. Next time your thinking heist better be precise. Cause I'm fully prepared One of us is gon' leave here. I have no regrets even though I wanna see grow. My godsons Boogie, Sonny and Rimo.  x . . We all sip the Henny for the day baby. Bad man, we no stray baby. Oops I done fell for your way baby. I know girl but, everyone falls. And I know from the first time, the first time. I seen your love, you got me baby. Even though girl I know that I will fall for you. You got to know that everyone falls. Oops I done fell so deep baby. Oops I want you for me baby. Oops I want you for me baby. Oops I done fell so deep cause. Everyone falls in love sometimes. I don't know 'bout you but it ain't a crime. If you let me love you, love you, love you for long time baby. If you let me touch you, and if you let me love you 'til the morning, oh. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me touch you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me touch you. We all sip that Henny for the day baby. Come my, my way baby. Top down on the highway baby. And if you let me love you. Shawty she don't even got a visa. Out of town, one night teaser. Need to tell them other niggas ease up. I'm falling but everyone falls. And I know from the first time, the first time. I seen your love, you got me baby. Even though girl I know that I will fall for you. You got to know that everyone falls. Oops I done fell too deep baby. Oops I think you got me baby. Oops I want you for me baby. I'm fallin' but. . Everyone falls in love sometimes. I don't know 'bout you but it ain't a crime. If you let me love you, love you, love you for long time baby. If you let me touch you, and if you let me love you 'til the morning, oh. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me touch you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm. And if you want me. And if you let me love you now. It's true what I need. Is someone for love me right now. It's true I'm a freak. It's time to love you now. And if you want me. I'm falling. Everyone falls in love sometimes. I don't know 'bout you but it ain't a crime. If you let me love you, love you, love you for long time baby. If you let me touch you, and if you let me love you 'til the morning, oh. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me touch you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you. Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, if you let me love you, yeah. .  Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh.  Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face.  Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh. AH-AH-AH-OH-OH.  Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face. Me firstheh. Uh, uh-uh, she wanna have whatever she liiiike . She can if she bring her friiiiiend . and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day. Ay, I mean starin like a creeper 'cause you got a peep 'er. I mean you pro'lly might be sayin you ain't jockin either. But man, ol' girl got a fat ol' ass. Yeah, the type to make you tell a bitch +Just Dance+. And FUCK them other niggaz 'cause you down for her bitches. FUCK them other niggaz 'cause she down for the stickin. And FUCK them other niggaz, hope she down for some lickin. And FUCK them other bitches 'cause she down for the trickin. Loooove, I'm hopin she a rider. When it's said and done, hope she spit it up and swallow noooooow. I ain't gotta trip about the niggaz who like her. 'cause me and mami know who could really make her goooooo. . She said she want whatever she liiiiike. She said she gon' bring her friiiiend. and we gon' have a hell of a niiiiight, through the day, I made her say. Hold up , born in ' . How old is that?  Old enough. I got seniority wit the sororities. So, that explain why I love college. Gettin brain in the library 'cause I love knowledge. When you use your medulla, oblon-gata. And give me scoliosis/skull-iosis until I comatoses. And do it while I sleep, yeah a little osmosis. And that's my +commandment+ you ain't gotta ask Moses. More champagne, more toasts-es. More damn planes, more coasts-es. And fuck a bus, the Benz is +Parked+ like Rosa. Osa. She said she want whatever she liiiike . But you gotta bring your friiiiend . and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day. She +Blamed It+ on the al-ah-ah-al-ah-alcohol. She had her hair did, it was bound to fall. Down, down for a damn, Cudi already said it. A poker face book, I'd already read it. But man, her head was +GOOD-er+ than the +Music_. Electro body known to blow fuses. A stripper from the South, lookin for a pay day. Said, "Bitch, you should do it +For the Love+ like Ray J". "But they say, you be on that conscious tip". Get your hair right and get up on this conscious dick. I embody everything from the Gali to the party. It's the way I was raised on the Southside Safari, so. {Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" sample} . Can't read my, can't read my. No, he can't read-a my. Poker faaaaaaace. She's got me like nobody. . Goin' back to Honolulu. Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie. Goin' back to Honolulu. Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high. Yeah, back up in the mix. Aloha nigga, Cudi lookin' for a fix. Got enough dough, just to take a trip. To get a little pinch of the Maui Wowie. Oh man, here we go again. If you ever get a chance, smoke it with a friend. Me n' Pat on a mission to get. Lifted like John Legend and shit. Get Lifted, hey. Let's get lifted, hey. What you gon' cop. Maybe a dub, maybe a zo. No matter what you cop, you should smoke it 'till it's gone. Walkin' on the beach with the sand between your feet. And all the Hawaiian girls sing to the beat. "Hey, What it do boo?'. You smoke? Good. Yeah, me too". Livin' in paradise, all through the night. And even in the day smoke 'til I can't see. What can I say, nuthin' like this in the world home-ay. Make you feel great, you forget you in the states. You might relocate, so you smoke all the Maui Wowie you could take. Like . Goin' back to Honolulu. Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie. Goin' back to Honolulu. Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high.  And I'm so high. I know, I know, I know. I really need to go, go, go, go, go, go. Really need to go, go. Really need to go, go, go. Man, I need Maui Wowie. I smoke that Maui Wowie. I need Maui Wowie. I smoke that Maui Wowie. I know, I know, I know. You really need to go, go. You really need to go, go, go. Man, I need Maui Wowie. I smoke that Maui Wowie. . Today in South Central violence is an all-time high. Due to the terrorist group ATL. You might label them as being a menace to society. Now it's a well-known factor why I can't be caught. Now see the law's got a problem, and they gotta be taught. That I'ma fatally get ill when I come to a jam. I got to dust a sucker off just to state who I am. Cause I'm Cold, just like the middle of the winter. And every jam that I play, they wanna enter. Come in, but ain't no suckers admitted. We tell em all straight up, they need to quit. Stop clownin me, cause they all wanna be down with me. Cause when I put down the mic, they are surroundin me. Clockin steady dollars, every single word. Say it loud, like I'm proud, cause I got to be heard, nerd. You been mistaken when you thought I was a criminal. Use my lyrics deadly, just like a chemical. It's essential to my path, it's my limit. But I go overboard by the time that I finish. Yo, it doesn't symbolize we great, or we good. It's just a pay-off from the trade that we learn in the hood. Should you be surprised that the hood'll pay off. But it won't, if you choose to walk and speak soft. Deep into my lyrics you sink, quicker than quicksand. That's how we separate the boys from the men. When you open up the page to the LA Times. You see a sucker's been killed for stealin our rhymes. Cause I'm a menace. . To society. . Cause I'm a menace. . To society. . Now it's time to go off, somebody got me pissed. So I'ma diss and twist till there's no one to deal with. I skeezed all the freaks in the place, that was the format. Then why you stopped? A sucker got ill and then I had to pull a gat. See, I gotta put em in check. Cause when we walk in a joint, we get big respect. He's still frontin like he gotta confront. He only set up himself, so he can straight get pumped. It's his decision, but he has been mislead. You can take the caution, but there's danger ahead. But you're a stoolie, so I'ma play you like a rookie. I'ma beat you down like gambler owes a bookie. Cause yo, you know I gotta have it. Bein Above The Law is a everyday habit. See, I had to grab it, then I have to take it. Then I have to shake you, then I have to fake you. Out, so don't you even try me. Tryin to fade the crew, and ain't nothin but a blimey. Think to yourself when we're speakin. And I'ma warn you now to be aware when we're creepin. Taggin a brother for his dollar signs. But I know what I am, they know I have nothin to hide. Because the place will be on fire the minute that I finish. Why KMG? Yo, cause I'm a muthafuckin menace. . To society. . I'm a menace. . To society. . Why we do it like this? Because we're mentally strong. What's up? Now realize that Lawhouse has got it goin on. Makin, breakin, takin suckers out with only just a word. My style is temporary, so not often ever heard. Usin and abusin every rhythm that I'm rappin to. I'm chilly chill and that's the way that I have to be. Boy, status definitely a 'large'. Warrior ambassador - that means I'm in charge. Up like a Duracel, yeah, I last longer. Suckers weaken while I be gettin stronger. Master rhyme sayer off the top of my brain. Oppositions I'll eliminate, and that could be fatal pain. To your reputation, and your ego breaks out. To the border, amigo, because you know what's up. Windy, whistling, cold like a blizzard. When the group broke out, they said, "Who the hell is it?". On the mic don't take it light, cause if you bite I'll fight. Don't get mad because your bitch said I sound alright. Because, illeterate fools, you must understand. Although my status is b-boy, I'm stronger than He-Man. That's how I make it, I never fake it. God gave me this talent, and nobody can take it. Away, now that's enough to make you move your butt. Now Total K-oss, Go Mack, take us out with a cut. Cause I'm a menace. . To society. . Cause I'm a menace. . To society. .  Part One Method Man . Yeahhh, torture motherfucker what?. What?. I'll fuckin. I'll fuckin tie you to a fuckin bedpost. with your ass cheeks spread out and shit. Right?. Put a hanger on a fuckin stove and let that shit sit there. for like a half hour. Take it off and stick it in your ass slow like. Tssssssss.  Yeah I'll fuckin lay your nuts on a fuckin dresser.  Just your nuts layin on a fuckin dresser.  And bang them shits with a spiked fuckin bat]. Ooooohhhh. I'll fuckin. I'll fuckin pull your fuckin tongue out your fuckin mouth. and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW.  I'll fuckin hang you by your fuckin dick.  off a fuckin twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker]. I'll fuckin. I'll fuckin. sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin you. and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you.  Part Two Genius .  Yo, so it's going down like that, huh?  Yeah?.  Niggaz is whylin, check it out kid]. From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again. The RZA, the GZA, Ol Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon the Chef. U-God, Ghost Face Killer and the Method Man. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN.  One. Hey, you, get off my cloud. You don't know me and you don't know my style. Who be gettin flam when they come to a jam?. Here I am here I am, the Method Man. Patty cake patty cake hey the method man. Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan. Peanut butter, cuz I'm not butter. In fact I snap back like a rubber. band, I be Sam Sam I am. And I dont eat green eggs and ham. Style will hit ya, wham, then goddamn . You be like oh shit that's the jam. Turn it up now hear me get buckwu-wu-wild. I'm about to blow light me up. Upside downside inside and outside. Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt. I am, the one and only Method Man. The master of the plan wrappin shit like Saran. Wrap, with some of this and some of that. Hold up  I tawt I tat I putty tat. Over there, but I think he best to beware. Of the diggy dog shit right here. Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo. Like Deck said this aint your average flow. Comin like rah ooh ah achie kah. Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw. The poetry's in motion coast to coast and. Rub it on your skin like lotion. What's the commotion, oh my lord. Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword. Hey hey hey like Fat Albert. It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it. It's the Method. Break. All right, y'all get ya White Owls, get ya meth, get ya skins. Don't forget your fourty. And we gonna do it like this. I got, fat bags of skunk. I got, White Owl blunts. And I'm about to go get lifted. Yes I'm about to go get lifted. I got, myself a fourty. I got, myself a shorty. And I'm about to go and stick it. Yes I'm about to go and stick it.  Two. Uhh. H-U-F-F huff and I puff. Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin. Zoom, I hit the mic like boom. Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it goes. Question what exactly is a panty raider. Ill behaviour savior or major flavor. All of the above oh yeah plus I do so. Also flam I'm the man call me super. Not an average Joe with an average flow. Doing average things with average hoes. Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm. For my, Su-per Sperm . Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked. I smell sess pass the Method. Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics. Missles and shoot game like a pistol. Clip is loaded when I click bang dang. A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain. J-U-M-P jump and I thump. Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump. Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me. Child, the whole damn isle is callin me. P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't cry. Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me. Ooh I be the super sperm. Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie. Freak a flow and flow fancy free. Now how many licks does it take. For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break. Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang. Fadin motherfuckers like bleach. So to each and every crew. You're clear like glass I can see right through. You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd. and ya didnt have friends to begin with. I'm. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN. Here I am, here I am, the Method Man.  RZA. Straight from the slums of Shaolin. Wu-Tang Killa B'z on a swarm. coughing. . "Edgar Allen Floe", "Royce '". "J on the motherfuckin WHEELS". "Nottz Raw means, I'm that shit". Lil' nigga, I'm a muh'fuckin monster, I drool when I talk. Shit crumble and die throughout the paths I done walked. Eyes stay blood red 'cause I ain't slept in a hundred years. I'm one vampire that bust heads, get tough guy. Thinkin you can fuck wit the boy {UH UH, DEM LIE}. Nuff dem die and fry for that shit, dig it? {DIG IT? Dig it? dig it?}. Now what yo' GOD-damn problem is?. {gun clicks} I ain't think so, bitch. Sitcho' monkey ass on down . Before I putcho' monkey ass on down like you went wild from a zoo {monkey screeches, gunshot}. Nottz Raw ring bells from here to Kalamazoo. You ain't gotta like my shit Nigga, FUCK YOU~. Listen, there's a big enough muh'fuckin opinions that means somethin. And a fourth of that be frontin. The other % fuck with that real hip-hop. Bitch stop - HOL' UP befo' a nigga go nuts. "Real niggaz only" "'"". "I be the five-star gener-real" <- Floe. "Edgar Allen Floe is that, that dude". "Trust me, I'm as live as it gets" <- Royce. "Nottz Raw means, I'm that shit". "J on the motherfuckin WHEELS". "Edgar Allen Floe", "Royce '". "The illest, the-the illest" <- Floe. Aiyyo, you get slapped up in VA. Transported to NC, now who the fuck wanna see E?.  o' clock news got your face up on the TV. Missing motherfuck, from my clutches he wanna be free. Break the shackles, Kunta Kinte slave. Naw, homie  Sitcha ass down, Toby. The god speaks mathematics, I will bring noise. 'Cause this year, in my cipher, I build and destroy. This is grown-man shit lil' boy, you still potty-training. Straight outta Raleigh blazin, you still prol'ly hatin. And Floe is goin apeshit, breakin the law to the matrix. For you there's no escapin, L you facin. So take THIS  - a small word of advice. Stay the FUCK out my path, you truly valued your life?. Edgar Allen Floe is lethal, one over zero. Keepin the undefined, no effort but still shine. GO Nigga run. Nottz ask me for ANYTHING, it's Yung Berg's carrer - DONE. Extended cartridge, I call you niggaz food. 'cause you get hands put on you at any market, uh. Besides rollin with Gs' is my crew. Responsible for the "No-fly zone" in the D. You come THRU, you betta call somebody, 'cause we don't care. We'll leave witcha legs and leave the wheelchair. Uh, we'll sit in ya bushes prepared for a shootout. wit a couple of extra militias and pushers. If you don't get it, you can get it, forget it, we run the city. The bitch, wit me, she pretty, she British, she bring the kitty to the vet.  Ah, nigga I'm lethal, I take ya whole city on. All I need is me and ten of my people. Ah, nigga I'm a winner, my bitch name is Victoria. Ah, I go hard, they call me a go-to warrior, OUT. . Somebody's pulling me closer to the ground. I ain't panicked, I been here before. Seems like only yesterday when I got up on that stage. In front of that crowd. And showed them who was who, and what was what. Man look at these suckers. I ain't no rapper, I'm a hustler. It just so happens that I know how to rap. Okay, I'm reloaded. . I did it again niggaz. Fucked up, right?  I know. I know what y'all niggaz asking yourself. Is he gonna ever fall off?. No. a lot of speculation. on the monies I've made, honeys I've slayed. How is he for real?  Is that nigga really paid?. Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct. Is it true he slay the beef and slept with a tech?. What's the position you hold?  Can you really match. a triple platinum artist buck by buck by only a single goin gold?. Roc-A-Fella ship fold, and you're left out in the cold. Is it back to charging motherfuckers  for an O. For the millionth time askin me. Questions like Wendy Williams, harrassin me. then get upset when I catch feelings. Can I get a minute to breathe?  And in that minute you leave. While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinnin on my sleeve. Uh, nice watch, do you really have a spot?. Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so, what block?. What you doin in LA, with phillipinos and ese's. Latinos and Cheve's, down by Pico withh Frederico. I answer all your questions but then y'all got to go. Now the question I ask you is how bad you want to know? BLAOW. Roc-A-Fella y'all, uhh, uh. Know my style. Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, bout crime no more. Til I'm no more, cause I'm so raw. My flow expose holes that they find in yours. Wasn't for me, niggaz still be dying for whores. But I hate when a nigga sit back, admirin yours. Young blood you better get that, we frying baccars. Niggaz don't want to be confined to riding the iron horse. And don't listen to the rappers, they dying to floss. I used to be OT, applyin the force. Shoot up the whole block, then the iron I toss. Come back with the click playing Diana Ross. I'm the boss and this is how it's gonna be. Burnt the turnpike, wild miles on the V. I got mouths to feed till they put flowers on me. And kiss my cold cheek, chicks crying like I was Cochise. Tombstone read 'He Was Holdin No Leaks'. Started from the crack game and then so sweet. Freaked it to the rap game, Jigga the old-G. On MTV, telling em how I sold D. And used to back work up out of apartment -B. Me and my homie, started out coldies. Picked the mailbox lock cause I ain't have no key. Had the cable with the anchor when Jaz made 'Sophie'. Then I went low key, but now I'm back it's on. Motherfuckers. Jigga, uh-huh, yeah. Roc-A-Fella y'all. Uhh, feel this. . If you're not trying to build, why do I have to kill ya. With lyrics to kill, it's never been realer. Build the house of steel, versus sex appears. Shine like the Moon, flip my mood to doom. Hyper than a tab, got the gift of gab. Writer resurrected, traders beheaded. This beat's is regreted, competition gets deaded. What's the matter with my words, harsh to the nerves. Darts stay on lock, the traders get knocked. Spray ship fatigues, it's all about the me. With every emotion I breathe, not to squeeze. Tempted to release, hard to keep the peace. Bust only if frustration, elevate eliminating. Soon be penetrating, sugar coated segregating. To minds I'm stimulating, my lyrics amputated. So why are you waiting?. Makeba's on the mic, and you know I gets down. So come on party people, let's gather around. I'm here to rock your mind, to your body and soul. So come on party people, let's take control. In the combation Gods, dismembered and disbared. Slit, I hit hard, surrounds me on God. The mother of your hawk, making hearts stop. For we ride to rock, I tracks like Pac. Keep it up non stop, bams til you drop. I aim to be the greatest, while others remain tasting. Some not creative, they lay with the haters. I gotta keep it moving, peep you while you grooving. I gaves you the must, let's keep it on the hush. Hush identification, a real MC. Keeping you moving from your head to your feet. Straight catch no meat, you chickens'll eat. Wave the white flag, yo, retreat, facing yo heat. Let's take it to the streets, no justice, no peace. No thoughts of defeat, casualties, don't delete, casualties, don't delete. I want hear impressive lyrics and flows, no nursing. Nothing that your man wrote or you been rehearsing. My trick tricks all clid-icks, usually when I'm in it. Like the sign, multiplied, unified your pride. And your friends eat like LaTania McClide. They start shaking, and moving all around. Control your mental, and listen to the sounds. Touch me like a pita, the sound of Makeba. And the God penalty, I'm in, some suckas wanna get me. Peel me, beats are crispy, when I'm gone, you'll miss me, you know my history. Feel with no mystery, the sounds of black and never got polite. Smacked with another revelation, you know what I'm saying. While you busy doing what you told, give me that mic. You know you shouldn't even hold, all used up with no more chances. You better off doing all them table dances. . Oh shit Fuck is my watch at?. Shit what the fuck?. Nah man, nah man, hell nah. These bitches is frontin. The fuck the shit go?. Them drug gangstas. Yo son, you got my shit?. . Son you ain't got my shit?. . Yo, son, my shit is gone. . I started buggin out, fell in the zone, half the bone lit. Passed off, rubbin on my ski hat - oh shit. My blunt fell, my watch, you seen it?. Gleamin little young fella, he just had the stupidest look, weeded. Yo, I'm tired and stressed, hungry and I'm vexed. And I'm flippin cause these niggaz wanna play me for test. Shit fell off ya hand Lord? Stop it, I'm eyein niggaz in they faces. After that I'm goin at niggaz pockets. The watch, faggot yeah, y'all niggaz got my shit. "Yo Lex we family, I helped you cop yo' shit". Then help me find my shit. Eye-ballin every fake Frankie Lymon in the joint. Break out, find my shit. Yeah, yo now I got robbed, I smell it. Mad bitches walkin' by the fella tryin' to crochet, bitch spell it. Listen trick, be out, bounce. Blew an ounce off of weed in the bitch face, she pulled out two white owls. "Everybody back the fuck up, move. Chef, you actin' like a loose cannon, Pah, with you and your dudes". If my shit come up, cool. Matter of fact, clack-clack-clack-clack, niggas pulled out tools. Yo yo yo yo turn the fuckin' lights off. Pass the illumin' Lord, tell the DJ turn the fuckin' music off. We got announcements, we want y'all to listen clear. We just lose about mansion in here. And yo eh yo if we don't get it back it's gon' be a problem. Then my niggas gon' react and that'll be a problem. Eighty-five thou' gone we got a fuckin' problem. Ain't nobody leavin' alive until we find 'em. Excuse me, Miss, no I ain't havin' it. I smacked him with the four pound, bitch hit the ground. Then I stepped off, dry mouth and shit. Equipped with the dipped courdouroy Bailey's with the cream stitch. Powerhouse biscuits that blow roofs off. Rae watch is missin', you take ya boots off. And take off those chaaaaaiiiiiiinnnns. The fat fuck thought I was playin' so I started sprayin. Chicks hit the floor, bottles broke. The owner slid through beefin', duke threw the toast to his throat. We brought the noise like we here to promote. My man don't get his shit in four or five minutes yo we're leavin' with the vote. A gangsta's lotto, thirteen bodies and still climbin. Big shotties, bodied when they sniff body. We did our thing too we got to the Envy lobby. Our last four or five shots we see nobody. Eh yo shit got real that night. Power grabbed him, 'Vine smacked him dead in his head. . Yo we all holdin', rollin. Grab a nigga, search him if he front, fuck it, blow him. Watchin' niggas foldin. The bartender got a shotgun in his hand. Let off, the wheelchair nigga got up and ran. Surround the Don, full body armor automatically on. The faggots passed off the watch and gone. . Yo where the big mouth at? Niggas step up. Matter of fact nigga, lie the fuck up. Nigga tried to swing on G's but he a gentleman. Son, he dropped the dead arm but failed to see it. Two shot G's pealed his meat {starts to fade out}. Let's see, niggas tried to front like my niggas is weak. Corey pulled the truck up, C-ed this bitch, blew it the fuck up. Niggas'll use and niggas'll die in this mothafucka {explosion}. . Brooklyn Rise to the occasion BK. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. All the thoroughbred borough heads where y'all from?. All the hundred dollar billion villians where y'all from?. All the low-key OG's where y'all from?. Got a gat, cock it back, let me hear y'all gun. Come and take a walk through my hood I'll guide your vision. When niggas who ain't ready to die get shot for livin. Stepped out the buildin another day my time still tickin. But I had to make a U turn damn forgot the biscuit. I stashed it on the side of the sink behind the dishes. On sundays I praise gunplays, that's my religion . Walkin down the block with a boppin rhythm. Had to take a leak behind the green garbage can who need a pot to piss in?. That's when I bumped heads with my man, he out of prison. Whattup son? Noticed the grill look kind of different. He had a long scar on his face, somebody jigged him. I got away when he got knocked, wish I was with him. They put the green light out, know how the game go. Niggas die for they colors, gotta respect the rainbow. Take John through the slums just to get a collar they come. Hoodlums threw they guns in the sewers and swallow they gum. Snitches stoppin the funds when they hear the drama they run. So we throw the slugs to their tumors and silence they tongues. Raw ball heist, hand to hand is far more trife. Customers be bangin on the spot doors all night. I told the last customer yo next time knock light. He knocked hard so I copped and took his hard knock life. The mother ghetto where the first thugs walk the crook bone. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Y'all outsiders better look right don't look wrong. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . Home of the tomahawks was money missin and drama talks. And you can tell a nigga from Brooklyn just how he walks. Them Brownsville dudes carry gas in they draws. Come through rockin a rollie, better have it ensured. East New Yorkers will stab a millionaire 'til he bleed riches. Cop work from Uptown niggas, fuck Queens bitches. Fort Greene killers run up in your livin room quick. Them boys at Canarsie, see you lay your clique on the strip. Nobody politics Bed-Stuy who cares for that political shit?. We're robbin dog for his Kibbles and bits. Bushwick got beat cops they actin like they own the streets. That's why we drop 'em like a  and lay 'em on beat. Celebrate easter goin to Coney Island with heat. Just to have a slash out and bang it on the beach. In Crown Heights they be workin them twos. Red  hoodlums come around your way or put your turf on the news. Downtown in Pitkin Ave got the flyest sneakers. Youngins takin over trains cursin over the loudspeakers. Flatbush they be totin, leave your top smokin  . Since the trains had tokens them boys kept the locin. From LG to Albany we was born to be thorough. Cypress Hill to Kingsborough but now we the king borough. I'm from Bain, we broke the law for the fun. The cats at Marcy will make you cough up a lung. Wherever you from, represent the hood you live. But keep it that way, don't come across the Brooklyn . The mother ghetto where the first thugs walk the crook bone. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Y'all outsiders better look right don't look wrong. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . In the heaven of Bob, my hood them pearly gates is locked. We the reason that cops traded 's for glocks. We the reason them cabs drive by, never trust you. We the reason you couldn't rock shines in the tunnel. Niggas be starin and walkin, lookin back. But I rob a nigga blind and ask him what the fuck he lookin at?. Patrol cars just wanna get essential book in pack. Don't get caught in the alleys with Brooklyn cats. Face the fact that's what you worship, so I pray with my back towards the serpent. Hit the underground and changed all the rappers to the circus. Celebrated Ike after he was murdered . Through tradition we had him cremated put the ashes in the stone and. I wish I could've did magic when they burned him. 'Cause the depths of the devilish fire within these matches don't deserve him. Israelites stand on the ave of the earth with his staff givin summers. Knowledge beneath the records of a target wrappings of a turban. Security stay harassin and lurkin. When a Brooklyn thug walk in the club bouncers ask us why they searchin us?. Why you pattin my burners? You actin like you nervous . Make a mistake and get shot by accident on purpose. , , y'all faggots must have heard us. Our area code have the same factors of a murder. Wherever you from, represent the hood you live. We'll keep it that way, don't come around the Brooklyn . The mother ghetto where the first thugs walk the crook bone. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Y'all outsiders better look right don't look wrong. My borough led the thoroughbreds, Brooknam. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?. Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? . . Yo Pap yo son what you doin out here this late son?. Ain't nothin I came to the  hour store and all that out here fuckin playin dice with these niggas man. And you know my style man I was just makin in rain in The Golden Lady I'm 'bout take it in man. Yeah me too man . Yeah it's like four in the mornin man, take it in God . It's  o'clock yeah let me go get some rest. Aiyyo I left the corner four in the mornin, henny'd up. Hit the crib tumbled down the stairs, pick me up. Overheard my own people plannin to hit me up. And they ain't even know I was listenin, silly fucks. . I dug in my pocket so I could load the milli up. And all I fet was philly blunts I'm pissy drunk. Body me? How could it be? We blood brothers. We hid behind the same cars when slugs hovered. We talked about the future and risin above hunger. But now you got envisions of makin this thug suffer?. Thinkin what could have made him flip?. Is he a Blood and and he think I'm Crip? Is he in love and I hit his chick?. No time to think creep like a night burglar. 'Cause for my life I'll incite murder vice versa. I bust through the door ready to let my iron boom. I'm a turn his livin room to the dyin room. Turn the bathroom to the blastroom. Bedroom to the dead room fled left him red dead doom. {Cell phone rings}. Aiyyo Pap 'Member that kid you had beef with back in '? . Yeah well that coward nigga home now, he talkin reckless . Yo meet me uptown so I can kick it with you . You know how it's gonna go down. Word in the ghetto this kid I had drama with before. Insane Tone just came home he wanna war. That black on black crime is swine truthfully. But if my brother try to do me I have to empty five in his Kufi. Who plottin to shoot me gotta be looney tryin to go against my block with the tooly. That's like an ox to a uzi. Found out where one of them lived, so we hopped in the hoopty . Hit his crib, caught him in the bathroom watchin a movie. I asked him a few questions he tried to fool me. So I electrocuted him I kicked the TV inside of the jacuzzi. Some naked cutie ran in the room screamin don't shoot me. My bullets hit her dead in the cootie came out her booty. I grabbed this chick name Rudy, put it to her doobie. And made her tell me where the rest of the crew be. Soon as we left the other spot  . . Shut the fuck up I'm runnin the shots. In fact black you take the mac back or clack pass back, the other glock. Hopped out of the car gats cocked, ready to rock. Pulled right up through the side of us a off duty cop. I told him let's make a deal, split it partially. You don't disrespect my robbery I won't disconnect your arteries. He pulled off and didn't bother me, sort of heartened me. My niggas by the car with me screwin 'em with authority. Bum rushed our way in the door ragin for war. Wavin the four, y'all know what this is stay on the floor. I picked one of them up and put his face to the wall. Told him I want the gun, the drugs, jewels, papers and all. But he stalled, he tried to lie and say some chick had it. Soon as he said his word is bong I gave him a miscarriage. Put the money in the big bag and. I saw two other dreads on the floor chit chattin and slick actin. I told 'em I'll pitch if you flinch faggot. When strong grabbed the big ratchet from Flip's jacket and shit shattered. We walked out of the buildin holdin cases of loot. When we made it off the stoop, niggas was blazin off the roof. My man tumbled down the basement steps. Grabbed him by his shoulder turned him over, looked in the face of death. He was shakin, stressed, tremblin, sighin and shit. I took the money out his pocket no sense of dyin with this. Cocked the hammer off my iron and spit. Heard everybody cryin I'm hit, my whole life relied on my clip. Ran out of bullets niggas pullin up behind me in whips. Bat me down looked around, all my crimies was hit. To all the thugs still breathin, take a deep breath. He who live the street life shall die a street death. {Gunshots} THUGA {Heavy Breathing} TO BE CONTINUED. . "Good morning, Brook-nam". Another stop on the train. . We come to a stop that everybody got to make . Whether you local or express. What's the meanin of ghettofabulous. Not ridin the back of the bus. I'm a revolutionary antagonist. Some playas is mad at us for just doin our music out of love. Some underground heads is hatin cause we have fun at clubs. I'm probably on some government list for my rhymin. You a fool if you don't think they already tapped your line. Medicine is big business so my remedies is herbal. It's music is for the people so we Reflection Eternal. Listen, you hear the difference between science and science fiction. We blow it out like if you leave on every appliance in the kitchen . at once; still rolling kind bud in Cuban blunts. On the corner watchin how kids comin to Brooklyn for they fronts. Niggas run past what they need chasing after what they want. Fuckin chumps, you walk down the street and get jumped. Brooklyn cats like to bubble out of town no lookin back. When you a ghetto chef you mastered the art of cookin crack. Some get caught sleepin on the Mother City so when they go. They come back as tales of niggas we used to know. Never looked up to see the stars in all they heavenly glory. Just straight ahead cause the peripheral is buildings with mad stories. Not floors but dramas is played out, shorties get laid out. like respect and fade out like TV sets. into the banks of our memories  we'll never forget you. Lyin on your deathbed askin for God to bless you. Good mourning, good afternoon, good night. What have you done with your life?. Everybody time comes to be embraced by the light. You only scared to die when you ain't livin right, man. I'm puttin up a hellafied fight. {Hi Tek scratch "Stay awake to the ways of the world"}. I need you all to be clear on exactly what I'm sayin. With your attention span I understand that I ain't playin. You mistaken if you somehow think it's just me you facin. Starin me down while your enemy is standin adjacent. My heart is racin but I know just what I stand for. We chasin death carelessly like +Jessica+, I +Care Moore+. Who said, "Just because no one can understand how you speak. don't necessarily mean that what you be sayin is deep". In case you die in your sleep you ask the Lord for a blessin. Sometimes they sneak up so quiet that the silence is deafenin. You'll never know who the assassin is until it's your time to go. Your life is flashin, askin for forgiveness but you move too slow. Now the people that you love bear the pain that you once harbored. You was livin for yourself so you could never be a martyr. Life is hard, death is harder; you somebody baby father. Someone's lover, son of your mother, somebody brother. Somebody nigga, now your spirit in the air like a whisper. Hearin your name mentioned when we pourin out some liquor. The days go by quicker and the nights don't seem to differ. It's gettin cold, so I shivered and asked my soul to be delivered. Good mourning, good afternoon, good night. What have you done with your life?. Everybody time comes to be embraced by the light. You only scared to die when you ain't livin right, man. I'm puttin up a hellafied fight. {Hi Tek scratch "Stay awake to the ways of the world"}. Yo, the time come for everybody. It ain't somethin you can really prepare for. Yo, yo, Mad Duke, rock rock on and. Curtis Mayfield, rock rock on and. Grover Washington, rock rock on and. My Aunt Hazel, rock rock on and. Big L, rock rock on and. Freaky Tah rock rock on and. Jerome Green, rock rock on and. Slang Ton, rock rock on and. We celebrate life {echoes}. .  Cheek Del Vec. Uhh . Trife & Larceny in the fuckin house . My nigga Klep in the fuckin house . and me , Cheek Del Vec  Aight.  Uhh, check it. .   Del Vec, Kleptomaniac. Del Vec, little niggas pushing Landcruiser jeeps. gettin blunted all day, every day of the week. Nights in Maxima's and Acura's. Got bitches drivin  Mazda's, Tammy and Rhonda. Drivin rope down south in the Honda. I'm behind her in the Pathfinder. gettin blunted, my nigga need all, the XL . ridin smoothly playin low-key, watch my bitch. with the brick in the Civic sellin mad weight. Outta state and shit, I can't wait til this record shit is straight. So we can recuperate, get the dough and I'm gone. Motherfuckers fear me, I blow up spots like Ed Leary. Violent pro's even with guns like Sharon Stone. Mack ass nigga strikes again, chalk my win. Kleptomaniac attracts CREAM stacks from eight pens. And sticky hands wit crazy glue like finger tips shoplift. Or pass crews on mountain bikes bustin four-fifths. Diamond Vagettes, Rolex for the bitch, flex. and maxin de Moet, signin my signature on cheques. Crime motherfuckin pays when you know what you're doin. and gettin loops since niggas was rockin Hawaiian suits. What? Don't shoot gun shot leave ya family upset. Tight the trip DT's, chasin down robbery suspect. Murder Onez to get the Fonz and fast to die young. JM motherfucker, go get your guns. Murder Onez to get the Fonz and fast to die young. JM motherfucker, go get your guns. repeat.   Trife, Larceny. Gettin richer cos I move coke and bust quicker. Bitches get richer, jealous niggas wanna hit'cha. Stashin my guns to protect my ones. I see the cash flow, torch it I blast, you know how it go. In the -double  SL. puffin L's lit while Larce loadin shells in the clip. Snakes-murder men formin plots. Lickin shots outta drop tops and it don't stop. us from gettin the Luchicreno. My clique tight like gambino's stickin casinos. Bussin down kilos, me and Trife for life. JM shorty's on the run. Cocksucker go get your guns.  x /.   Klep, Del Vec, Trife. I smoke so much weed, I know my lungs is fucked up. Stick guns I get'cha, spit sperm when I cum. Party done, use to hustle bubble. with concealed capsules under my tongue til my mouth got numb. Now I watch my back like spighty sense was tinglin. Minglin in clubs with Jm puffin on mo' teams. Don't oppose me, shit ain't rosy. Murderin-lyrical gangsta like Ini Kamoze. Del Vec project was set down south with two Tek. I murdered that, we got mad respect. Sheisty niggas and vicars puffin 's and 's on the block. I got shit on lock in Little Rock. My bitch got knocked, she sold to a undercover cop. went to jail, put the Benz up for bail. Now I'm fucked up in the cut. I got to move to a diff'rent state to make some quick bucks. As I look around me, dead bodies surround me. Part of drug dealin-killin millions to make millions. Sittin on top, tote Glocks. smokin pounds and phillies by the box, gettin head on the yacht. Presidential rollin, watch hos clock me wit tha . Bodyin motherfuckers for this money.  x. . 	  --> Flavor Flav. 	  --> Chuck D	. Yo, Cold . They tryin to give you a murder rap. And you ain't even like that. Yo, serve these niggas, cause they deserve to get dissed. . When I sit down and write and recite for the mic I hold. Make sure my beats are loud, and bold, and Cold. , that is my name, makin it simple and plain. Here to rearrange and change. The things that I didn't do in the past. Don't be surprised when you got a shotgun up your ass. Perpetrators, that one was just for you. I'm gonna leave ya in your seat remaining without a clue. Glued to my style like a fiend on coke. But if you say the wrong thing, I wash your mouth out with soap. Dope is not the answer. No, I'm not a Cancer. No, I'm not a hero or zero. But a Leo in stereo. And this is not a demo. K-oss and Go Mack be cuttin the flex tempo. Fast. . Yo, fingerprints ain't nothin without the murder weapon. Keep steppin. Homicide tried to sweat, but we let em have it. You can see they fear through they tears. Treat em like Robanes and give em some relief. I feel action speaks louder than words and verbs. And adjectives, I live the life, the given gift. Not who's first, second or third. Not he said or she said, or what you heard, nerd. Cause when you live like that, your life is mangled. In other words your life is all tangled. Up, I'm not a sucker, always go for mine. Powerlord that's hard from the start, and we will always . To the top as I seek and achieve. Sometimes that's even higher than the others believe. I'm not a doctor on a board, I don't have a degree. Not arrogant, egotistical, I'm the epitomy. Re-take, recline, keep suckers in line. Transform into another world as I recite these rhymes. , he's as hard as it comes. And I don't have to brag about the size of my gun, son. . Criminals don't use lyrics and define themselves as notorious. Brothers gotta learn hip-hop anger rages inside themselves. Your ??? will never resist to my contact K-oss and the homie G.  breakin back, backbone of my group. Fat kid in my posse, and I'm gettin loose. Cause I'm takin out posses, causin bodily harm. Makin moves to improve as I begin to brainstorm. I'm not inferior, not takin no crap. Last sucker tried to dis me, cold got his neck slapped. Cause Power's my name, sometimes I'm insane. And if I get too mad, I have to rearrange. The posistion as a MC, that's the way it should be. The way I get over, I use terminology. That's comprehensive, redemptive. That's evidently not related to the style that you hear everyday. B-boy destroyin a toy, employin. While the other suckers are depressed, I'm enjoyin. What I'm doin, and ruin any insult of my position. Tell em KMG - they on a mission. They on a mission. They keep wishin you can't come off. , you're a menace in your own mind. So take heed and proceed with caution. When he rhymes. . 		--> Ice Cube. . Ayo Yo what up Jerm. Beats crazy Bout to get my drink on. Go to one of them high school parties you know what I'm sayin? Chyeah. Ayo if you got a cup put it up in the air. And if you smokin' on a blunt better puff it and share. You don't know you wake up not rememberin' last night. That shorty with the ass like the bottom of a bagpipe. Girl sucked my dick like she was swallowin' a mag light. Gotta get my cash right livin' in this fast life. I'm fucked up the room is spinnin' the ceiling is gone. I'm spittin' game on a girl but I'm feelin' her mom. I'm sippin' Crysie gettin' pissy while killin' in pong. I'm runnin' tables while my peoples are twistin' some bomb. Listen it's on I'm the man of the night. I shine bright can you handle the light?. They can't stand that I'm white. With a ego find me like Nemo. Chillin' with the homies and you know we let the trees blow. Y'all ain't makin' one point like a free throw. Haha yeah and the beat go. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. Party hard mu'fucker party hard. Have a ball laugh a little harty har. You hardly saw shit but now I'm all up in your face. With mixtape money boy no wallet is a waste. With a rubberband dutch with a dozen grams. Smokin' til I'm off my head. Now everybody do the runnin' man. We takin' it back it's easy boy. I'm all three members of the Beastie Boys. So fight for the right to party. Everybody stand up like Steve Harvey. I got surfers like "Damn he's gnarly". And mother's givin' me a free bowl of beef barley. Ridin' in the back back. Back on the carseat. Gettin' out then park it in the car keys. Youngin' I'm reckless with blunts with my breakfast. And I'm rockin' more dunts and goin' at kids. Yes it's Mac Mac Mac Mac. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. And I'ma get my diploma. You need to notice I'm a scholar. Runnin' through the streets ever since I was a toddler. Playin' cops and robbers. Always was a robber. In my neighborhood all day like Mr Rogers. Now a little taller, hip hop monster. Eight-legged flow you can call me Peter Parker. I know you see it boy I'm weeded and spittin' it real. To match my style kid you best be equipped with some steel. My swagger mean dress fresh and so clean. In a flash getting change like a vending machine. Then I'm out pocket of piff hop in the whip. Head to the first dip at the top of the list. Roll in easy got you drinks for the free. On lean and my eyes still chink from the tree. Hoes out the playpen. Eyes behind some Rayban's. It's mayhem livin' in this teenage wasteland. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around. And move around. Get get get get. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. Get down get up. And move around like it was musical chairs. Get ya ass off your seat find yourself a new chair . .   Ludacris. Move bitch, get out the way. Get out the way bitch, get out the way. Move bitch, get out the way. Get out the way bitch, get out the way. OH NO The FIGHT'S OUT. I'ma bout to punch yo LIGHTS OUT. Get the FUCK back, guard ya grill. There's somethin wrong, we can't stay still. I've been drankin and bustin' too. and I been thankin of bustin' you. Upside ya motherfuckin forehead. And if your friends jump in, "Ohhh gurrlll", they'll be mo' dead. Causin confusion, Disturbin Tha Peace. Since not into lution, we run in the streets-a. So bye-bye to all you groupies and golddiggers. Is there a bumper on your ass? NO NIGGA. I'm doin a hundred on the highway. So if you do the speed limit, get the FUCK outta my way. I'm DUI, hardly ever caught sober. and you about to get ran the FUCK over. BITCH Watch out, watch out, watch out. BITCH Watch out, watch out, watch out, move. Here I come, here I go. UH OH Don't jump bitch, move. You see them headlights? You hear that fuckin crowd?. Start that goddamn show, I'm comin through. Hit the stage and knock the curtains down. I fuck the crowd up - that's what I do. Young and successful - a sex symbol. The bitches want me to fuck em - true true. Hold up, wait up, shorty. "Oh aww wazzzupp? Get my dick sucked, what are yoouu doin?". Sidelinin my fuckin business. Tryin to get my paper, child support suin. Give me that truck and take that rental back. Who bought these fuckin TV's and jewelry bitch, tell me that?. No, I ain't bitter, I don't give a fuck. But I'ma tell you like this bitch. You better not walk in front of my tour bus. Bring it, get 'em. -, I'm on the right track. Beef, got the right mack. Hit the trunk, grab the pump, punk I'll be right back. We buyin bars out, showin scars out. We heard there's hoes out, so we brought the cars out. Grab the peels cause we robbin tonight. Beat the SHIT outta of security for stoppin the fight. I got a fifth of the Remy, fuck the Belve and Cris. I'm sellin shit up in the club like I work in the bitch. Fuck the dress codes, it's street clothes, we all street niggaz. We on the dance floor, throwin bows, beatin up niggaz. I'm from the Dec', tryna to disrespect DTP. And watch the bottles start flyin from the VIP. Fuck this rap shit, we clap bitch, two in ya body. Grab ya four, start a fight dog, ruin the party. So move bitch, get out the way HOE. All you faggot motherfuckers make way for -. So. . Also On "Tha Doggfather"  Me & My Doggz. . I was sittin at the pound about to eat dinner. Had a hard day at the studio, I was gettin thinner. My nigga Spanky-Loc was playin basketball. And my niggas in the backyard, y'all about to squab my Doggz. Dirty Red gets CREAM, it's a good scheme. But you know it's all a part of the Corleone team. I squabbleFriday cos that's what I do. Dogg Pound for life nigga, uhh thought you knew. But you didn't, you think I'm kiddin nigga, my Doggz scrap. They get down for theirs, bring em right to the back. Hit the gate don't wait and ask the homey Nate. He gotta pit named Tiny mobbin behind him. Now they've got Michael Corleone. Oh, Kurupt he got Lonely the psycho assassin. He likes to smash on, uhh. And ain't no need to reach for heat cos you can't get your blast on. Doggz we keep em, busters we sweep em. And when it's time all my Doggz'll bite your momma. We leave you niggas on stuck in paws. And I'ma dedicate this one to my Doggz. Remember that pit, the one I had named Petey. Uhh, she got killed so I didn't need him. Uhh, it's like that, what about Sweetie?. He got killed too  so I didn't need him. It's a cold thang but it's a cold game. But when you wit a Corleone name it's a cold thang. Cold name, cold game ya got ta get down. Cuz if you don't then you can't represent the Pound. Now it's like a sport. And if I get caught I'm right back in court. So I gots ta keep it on the DL and don't yeezell. But you know I gots tha pitbulls for seezell. So if you want one, get one, holla at'cha boy quick. Cuzz I'ma be on the lookout for the sell-to-dem pigs. Ask my little homey Technique. I 'came Scarface, Corleone killers, baby boy OG. The homey Tray Deee I give him rock seat. But the rest of the pits they rollin wit me. We're layin low in the cut, holstered up in Chino. Scrappy-Du and the crew called the Gambinos. Ma bark and she'll spark up some shit real quick. Just last week y'know what? She bit the shit out of me. Man this bitch is a trick, I had to get cold feet. To get the bitch up off me. And I can't tame her and I can't blame her. That's why I had to name her the top Dogg gamer. Man, it's a shame-uh nigga got love for y'all. But I got more love for my motherfuckin Doggz. It's just. . (). Me & my Doggz , me & my Doggz .  Me & my Doggz. . Now when it comes to my Doggz they stay fly like geese. But as for me I'm Snoop Dogg I'm soopafly like Priest. I unleash my Doggz then I tilt my brim. I'm bout to trip off Locko cos he go taken my swim. I think cos my CREAMy low, get back to the pound. He gon' be itchin like hell to put the bite on the clown. And when you look with the frown he gon' get like -. And ain't a damn thang that your ass can do. I think it's cos he lost his big homey Don Killer see. Who ran the whole yard and gangbanged OP. And leave your ass red and yeah half-Dead. He's a damn fool, he'll jack you for pants leg. Don't beg you're dead, and don't dare show fear. Young gangsta fucked wit Scrappy and Red tore off his head. And all the kid do was cry like a bitch. His life was a pit and mine's in the shit. . (). .  It's just me & my Doggz. I keep my heat in my seat, my killers in my backyard. Just in case you niggas wanna fuck and try to act hard. . The game of chess, is like a swordfight. You must think first, before you move. Toad style is immensely strong, and immune to nearly any weapon. When it's properly used, it's almost invincible.  One U-God. Raw I'ma give it to ya, with no trivia. Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia. My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation. like the Emancipation Proclamation. Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead. you might as well run into the wall and bang your head. I'm pushin' force, my force your doubtin'. I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucus Mountains.  Two Inspectah Deck. Well I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire. Rap styles vary, and carry like Mariah. I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from. is comin through with nuff niggaz, and nuff guns. so if you wanna come sweatin, stressin contestin. you'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection. Don't talk the talk, if you can't walk the walk. Phony niggaz are outlined in chalk. A man vexed, is what the projects made me. Rebel to the grain there's no way to barricade me. Steamrollin niggaz like a eighteen wheeler. with the drunk driver drivin, there's no survivin.  Three Raekwon the Chef. Ruff like Timberland wear, yeah. Me and the Clan, and yo the Landcruisers out there. Peace to all the crooks, all the niggaz with bad looks. Bald heads, braids, blow this . We got chrome tecs, nickel plated macs. Black axe, drug dealin styles in phat stacks. I only been a good nigga for a minute though. cuz I got to get my props, and win it yo. I got beef wit commercial-ass niggaz with gold teeth. lampin in a Lexus eatin beef. Straight up and down don't even bother. I got fourty niggaz up in here now, who kill niggaz fathers. My peoples are you with me where you at?. In the front, in the back killa-bees on attack. my peoples are you with me where you at?. Smokin meth hittin caps on the block with the gats.  Four Ol' Dirty Bastard. Here I go, deep type flow. Jacque Cousteau could never get this lowI'm. cherry bombin shits BOOM. Just warmin up a little bit, vroom vroom. Rappinin is what's happenin. Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clappin and. At the party when I move my body. Gotta get up, and be-eeeee somebody. Grab the microphone put strength to the bone. DUH-DUH-DUHenter the Wu-Tang zone. Sure enough when I rock that stuff. Guff puff?? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff. rough, kickin rhymes like Jim Kelly. or Alex Haley im a Mi-Beetle Bailey rhymes. comin raw style, hardcore. Niggaz be comin to the hip-hop store. Comin to buy gro-cery from me. Tryin to be a hip-hop MC. The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang. You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang. Represent the GZA, Abbott, RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck. Dirty Hoe gettin low wit his flow. ducin, the Ghostface Killah. No one could get illa. .  Five Ghostface Killah. Speakin of the devil psych, no it's the God, get the shit right. Mega trife, and yo I killed you in a past life. On the mic while you was kickin that fast shit. You reneged tried again, and got blasted. Half mastered ass style mad ruff task. When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask. Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack. That night yo I wuz hittin like a spiked bat. and then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy. strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy. Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs. Never shot thugs, I'm runnin with thugs that flood mugs. So grab your eight plus one, start flippin and trippin. Niggaz is jettin I'm lickin off son.  Six Masta Killa. Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty. What justifies the homicide, when he dies?. In his own iniquity it's the. Master of the Mantis Rapture comin at cha. We have an APB on an MC Killer. Looks like the work of a Master. Evidence indicates that's it's stature. Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture. The flow, changes like a chameleon. Plays like a friend, and stabs you like a dagger. This technique attacks the immune system. Disguised like a lie paralyzin the victim. You scream, as it enters your bloodstream. Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain. Novin on a nigga with the speed of a centipede. and injure - ANY MOTHERFUCKIN CONTENDER. . In a world of misery. Within this, three planets collide. Brother Lynch, Dalima, Tech Nne. Bring you along for the ride. Wait a minute. I'm from the West coast Conference like Kobe or James Worthy. You could just call me King of the Valley, all I need is a game jersey. Niggaz nuts and guts get served up. when I get it all spittin' up, mmm, serve it. Cut it up gut it up with cold cuts with another nut heated up came dirty. I'll be off of that kryptonite. Turn them into liquid ice. Stain his jersey. Leave him in the back of the El-Co. Like Helter Skelter stick it to them like velcro. Nigga I'm a bitch killa. I'm a nigga that's quick to rip ya. Paint a murda pictur' witcha. I'ma jackknife ya strip ya that night. split ya legs open and dick ya. But then I'm into rippen ya guts. Eat your meat deplete with the meat clever. I did not see ya either. Fourth quarter receiver. Court order delete ya. Tech order to me. I'm bringing the seasoning. And a suicide note. Do or die low. Keys in the backseat. Cut necks I'm sexist rocked to get kidnapped???. Brother Lynch I'm neckless express this sexist. Welcome to my world. . Welcome to my world. . Welcome to my world. . Welcome to my world. . Welcome to my world. . Cause I've been dealin' with motherfuckers hatin' me for the longest. Could it be critical, cause I'm lyrically flawless?. And if I'm heated I cannot be mentally cautious. . From the flame. Only kid to be held accountable for making the change. To whatever regards I'd rather be . In the middle of the stage. I'm bustin' like a  gauge. You could never relate to a nigga that'll hang you up. Slip a couple millions up and fill your drink for ya. I'm outside with a fully loaded rifle. Undecided whether or not I could cut up your brains or guts. . And it's like I'm a heathen. whether or not you believe it. Everytime I rap, a motherfucker stop breathin'. Have you ever been in a dilemma for a reason? . Well let me duce you to the crucial upliftin' future . Recruit you and seduce you to the mutual group of . Nigga you better get ready cause we done put together the fettiest chemical. frame. Energetic, well I embedded into your brain. Tech Nne Dalima Brother Lynch. . Fight this phantom, your freakin' family will fall flat. Bunk Bianca's beat 'em black and blue with a baseball bat. I might be a small cat. But I won't use discretion. Hit 'em with a weapon. They be steppin' with a mallrat.  minus  I make 'em all scat. Not prosperous now. Tech's not with his crowd. He's lost in his clouds. Rather be off'ed than soft with his style. I got hopes that my life might get better. But I've been broke so I might swipe your chedda. You better get ready to get me, I got a vendetta. Coming to get a brother weed and money and whatever. Nobody said it was going to be easy. But to deceive me and leave me in the dark. And buried off in Acropolis. One day you gon' see me on TV. You better believe we takin' over this. And never the opposite. Rewrite my life. Give me life in a fight. For what's right I'll liberate, cuidado.  Rum is how we run from slim slums then comes diablo. I need a medic cause a murder energetic in the cerebellum never tell 'em I got. One of the worst problems in the medulla oblongata you oughta go in one hell of a shot. No more darkness. How did I start this?. Feelin' bizarre shit. Like kickin' your carcass. I am the ruler in my kingdom and my dark seat's hot. Step into my world and your heartbeat stops. . Yeah yeah. Kamachi, Planetary, King Syze. Yo They love the way I pin a champ. Under a tinted lamp hear my voice blast from a vintage amp. I kill the reciters of lies. Get burned by the fire from the light in my eyes. It's Kamachi, possessed by the pharaoh ways. Underground like where the dead bone marrow stays. The spot where you breath is where the arrow lays. A sideways death for a narrow grave. My shit hit hard like an Arab raid. We blow up, ain't no need for a barricade. They looking for good luck, like a barrel of jade. They looking, so stuffed when the barrel is sprayed. Since the five perfect exertions, they waited afraid. The devil caught from the tower on the table is slayed, pussy. Fall back, fold up, rappers is so tough. Until the army roll up banging that cold crush. We send shots through ya vest and leave your soul touched. Lock and load up, post up, toast up. Hey yo, my vocal duel, payments hiatus save the local crews. Only the chosen few can ride with the most explosive crew. But not you, jealous ones they envy us. Cause we spit venomous, until books remember us. Hell fire embedded in us, plus sins condemning us. It's just what I write, ignite cop killers and predators. I be like this, best believe I can't be ignored. Spitting metaphoric, until the chosen child is aborted. When my mind's in orbit, forces knock you out your high horses. Deal with high sources, until the meal is five courses. The flames is high, when my brain and the train collide. Under much needed change in time, the game is mine. I build strength through the niggas that be hating me peers. But it's the army, part of me ya'll been waiting for years. From a small block, hip hop, busting my tool. King Syze, dope shit, what can I say, man, it's nothing new. Fall back, fold up, rappers are so tough. Until the army roll up banging that cold crush. We send shots through ya vest and leave your soul touched. Lock and load up, post up, toast up. I'm a scientist in the lab, with a violent twist and a gift of gab. Pharaoh tongue that can lash through your clique and stab. From the days where you carried screw drivers. in back pockets in case you had to prove that your crew lava. We was painting on your property. and until this day I still got rookie niggas out trying to copy me. Planetary nigga, Q-D original,. Smooth criminal, bash your mental, bruise your physical. There's something about the evilness of this track. It makes the heaven's gates close, and the tabernacles crack. In fact, it separates all the lies and the facts,. It makes you see the light right before the sky turns black. It turns boys to men, it turns toy soldiers to generals. Innocent motherfuckers graduate to criminals. It makes you think twice about who you are. It makes you feel like death coming every sixteen bars. Fall back, fold up, rappers is so tough. Until the army roll up banging that cold crush. We send shots through ya vest and leave your soul touched. Lock and load up, post up, toast up. .   {"Never, never, never, never change"}. Ain't never changed, this is Jay every day.   {"I never change"}. I never change, this is Jay every day.   {"I never change"}. I never change, this is Jay. I am a, Roc representer. Hov', summer to winter, Hov', dead or alive. Twenty-four/seven, three-sixty-five. One CD or three-hundred and sixty pies. Whassup to E and Kirk?  Welcome home to Taj. Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours. We run streets like drunks run street lights. We collidin with life as we speak. We knee deep in coke, we ki deep in ice. We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke. We all fish, better teach your folk. Give him money to eat, then next week he's broke. Cause when you sleep, he's reachin for your throat. Word on the skreet, you reap what you sew. Not out of fear but love, love for the game. Roc family first, we never change mayn.    {"Never, never, never, never change"}.    {"I never change"}.    {"I never change"}.    {"Never, never, never, never change"}.    {"I never change"}.    {"I never change"}. What's up to my Miami and St Thomas connects . I'll never mention your name, I promise respect. Death before dishonor correct? - Yup. That's what you promised me, since the lee. Along with, if we stay strong. We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms. Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam. I'm like a dog - I never speak, but I understand. Where my dogs at?  Where my soldiers at war?. Where your bars at?  Whoa, gotta pause that - whoa. Lost  bricks had to fall back. Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back. Had A- credit, got more crack. From the first to the fifth, gave it all back. If, I'm not a hustler what you call that?. This is before rap, this is all fact. I never change. What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly. Well fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari. Was so young my big sis' still playin with Barbie. Young brother, big city, eight million stories. Old heads taught me, yung'un, walk softly. Carry a big clip, that'll get niggaz off me. Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin mothy. Change is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees.  That's how it is now  that's how it always be.  I never change, this is always me. From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom. Drink army from one cup pass it around the room . That's the ritual  Big Ran, I ain't forget you fool. And all that bullshit you tryin to get through. This is crew love, move music or move drugs. Rival crews get your black suits up - I never change. This is Jay, everyday. Who you know like Hov', nigga?. . Baby listen, bets to believe. I can give you what you want and all that you need. Mackin' all the ladies, from the fly to the shady. Marquis diamonds,  Mercedes. I'll fly you across the seas in a private jet. Whisper shit in ya ear to get ya panties wet. Honey I'll show you how good life can get. Winin and dinin, non-chalant in the finest restaraunt. Feed you lobster cause I'm a true mobster. Lame niggaz bore ya, lay ya down in the Waldorf-Astoria. Victoria Secret; lingerie, I like the freak shit. Dim the lights, sex all through the night. King sized beds, Satin sheets gettin' right. Wear you out, leave my number by the phone. When you wake up in the morn', I'm gone. I wonder if I take you home will you still be in love baby. Because I need you tonight. Wonder if I take you home would you still be in love baby. Because I need you tonight. Home, home. Home home home. Uh  Do you know who I be? Lil' Kim the Lieutenant . Here to put it on you fools tryin to run up in it. . Like my girl Mary B you just ain't runnin' up in me, uh. You got to give me what I need baby. That's a drop top Z baby. Martini and Rossi, Asti Spumante. Dom Perignon so we can get it on. Movado watch, Tennis for the wrists. Nigga; you ain't ever seen no ice like this. So now you know what you workin with, handle your business. And keep coming with that stuff that I like . Light a candle, I'm too hot to handle. I see yo' eyes sizin' up my hips and my thighs. Man I'll do things to you . Vanessa Del Rio be 'shamed to do. . Mack ass nigga, smooth like Tom Cat in the zoot-suit. Game's fullproof leavin parties with bitches in NFS Coupes. Spittin' game, with or without the eye contact. With or without contracts, layin my game down flat. Kleptomaniac, rides any rhythm that you give him, I'm livin right. Semi-precious stones, exotic bitches in skin-tights. Hands-free mobile phone, showin women how to live life. If that's your girl, she wasn't last night. Made her life worthwhile, Benjamins by the piles. Turn her frowns to smiles, livin Goodfella's lifestyle. Nails done and hair, livin rooms with chandeliers. Sex in a strech Lex, no cares for who wanna stare. Yeah, now that's a real women for ya. High execs and lawyers, pearls gems and Tag Heuers. Bachelor degrees, bringin home bacon and cheese. Freaky Saundra ain't afraid to get some dirt up on her knees.   . . When it comes to being true, at least true to me. One thing I found, one thing I found. Oh no you never let me down. Get up, I get down. Get up, I get down. Get up, I get down. Get up, I get down. Get up, I get down. Get up, I get down. Yo, first I snatched the streets then I snatched the charts. First I had they ear, now I have their heart. Rappers came and went, I've been here from the start. I seen them put it together, watched them take it apart. Seen the rovers roll up wit ribbons. I seen them re-po'd, re-sold then re-driven. So when I reload, he holds # position. When you hot I'm hot. And when your feet cold, mines is sizzelin. It's plain to see, niggaz can't fuck with me. Cuz I'm a be that nigga for life. This is not an image, this is God given. This is hard livin, mixed with crystall sippin. It's the most consistent, Hov. Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and. Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggaz visitin. It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordan of rap. I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy. I get down for my grandfather who took my momma. Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat. At the tender age of  she was arrested for the sit in. And with that in my blood I was born to be different. Now niggaz can't make it to ballads to choose leadership. But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership. Swear I hear new music and I just don't be feelin it. Racisms still alive, they just be concealin it. But I know they don't want me in the damn club. They even make me show ID to get inside of Sam's club. I done did dirt and went to church and get my hands scrubbed. Swear I've been baptized each  or  times. But in the land where niggaz praise Yukons and getting paid. Its gon take a lot more than coupons to get us saved. Like it take a lot more than durags to get you waves. Nothing sad as that day my girl's father past away. So I promised to Mr Rany I'm gonna marry your daughter. And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up. And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her. You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up. But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye. Cuz look what an accident did to Left Eye. First Aaliyah now romeo must die?. I know I got angels watchin me from the other side. We are all here for a reason on a particular path. You don't need a curriculum to know that you're apart of the math. Cats think I'm delirious but I'm so damn serious. That's why I expose my soul to the globe; the world. I'm tryna make it better for these little boys and girls. I'm not just another individual. My spirit is a part of this that's why it's spiritual. But I get my hymns from him. So it's not me it's he that's lyrical. I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven sent instrument. My rhythmatic regiment navigates melodic notes. For your soul and your mental. That's why I'm instrumental, vibrations is what I'm into. Yeah I need my loot by rent day. But that ain't what gives me the heart of Kunta Kinte. I'm tryna give us us free like Sinke. I can't stop, that's why I'm hot. Determination, dedication, motivation. I'm talking to you of my many inspirations. When I say I can't let you or self down. If I were on the highest cliff, on the highest riff. And if you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life. In my grip I would never ever let you down. And when these words are found. Let it be known that God's penmanship has been signed. With a language called love. That's why my breath is felt by the death. And while my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind. I too dream in color and in rhyme. So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house. Cuz whenever I open my heart, my soul or my mouth. A touch of god reigns out. Who else you know been hot this long. Started from nothing but he got this strong. Built the ROC from a pebble, peddled rock before I met you. Peddled bikes, got my nephews peddle bikes because they special. Let you tell it man I'm fallin well. Somebody must have caught hI'm cuz. Every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan em. Number one albums what I got, like four of em. More of them on the way, the th wonder on the way. Clear the way, I'm here to stay. Y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that. This is Jay, dissin Jay will get you Mase'd. When I start spittin them lyrics niggaz get very religious. Six hail mary's please father forgive us. Young, the archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggaz. They way y'all all follow Jigga. Hov's a livin legend and I'll tell you why. Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov's still alive. . Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh {"Statik Selektah"}. Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh. Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh . Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh . Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh . Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh . Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap. Clap clap clap clap clap clap for me, hey. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap. Clap clap clap clap clap, now bring it back, uh. Welcome to the new age, where they're thirsty for that Kool-Aid. Thirsty for the first on that page, really thirsty just to be fake. Be the first to hate what you say, tryin to diss you callin you "gay". Such an urgent need to express yourself but really nothin to say. Don't fuck with us, we too tough, get high like you do drugs. Like spit me out, I'm chewed up - my life's chopped and screwed up. I know you up in this club, I know you don't give a fuck. You told me what you don't like, you made that clear, now what do you love?. There's gotta be more, some live the life of the rich, some people gotta be poor. I've been through it all, I will not sell you a dream, that's what the lottery for. The music is clay, I shaped it, I molded it, like it was pottery or. the mouth with the law, twist it like Robert Duvall, son, the godfather raw. Free as the diamond you found on the floor, I furnished the rhyme with the proper decor. I burnished the nine in my mind with the gloss so the burner will shine when I'm poppin it off. To top it all off your style is married to substance, you sound like it got a divorce. That's why I block and unfollowin y'all, I done forgot what I'm followin for. Enough about y'all now back to me, ain't no academic leave, I'm not faculty. These new slaves ain't ready for my masterpiece, so when they hear me rap it's catastrophe. Cause a casualty is so casually, they mistake what I do for havin beef. I don't actually, wish anybody harm, now stretch your arms and clap for me. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap. Clap clap clap clap clap clap for me, uh. Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap. Clap clap clap clap clap, now bring it back, uh. Wake up cause no you're not dreamin, catch up with us cause we leavin. Got enough, followers, I'm lookin for some new leaders. I'm lookin for some new leaders, I'm lookin for some new leaders. Got enough, followers, I'm lookin for some new leaders.  Ever since the day I was born, that marks the day I was chosen. to rise above them all and be a leader, I'm like Malcolm X when on the podium. Martin Luther with a dream, Rosa Parks on the bus, though as funny as it seem it remind me of us. Through the money and the fame ain't shit gon' change for the light we adjust. Do it for the children without a ceiling to live up under. Times gettin hard, that's why my niggaz smoke that tropic thunder. If all our people spreaded love instead of evil. We would prosper our conscious to a level with no equal lethal. Stay true, I gave you my oath, what would the ancient God my nigga Thoth. Through all the books and the screens I was taught, I look at myself and tend to learn the most. Our leaders dead and gone, what's left for the believers?. If you lookin for the truth, one word "Underachievers" nigga. Clap, clap, clap, clap . Clap, clap, clap for me, uh . Clap, clap, clap, clap. Clap, clap, now bring it back, uh. As I change the so-called predestined course of my life. Advance my shit so now I travel at the speed of light. Movin these intricate insecurities out of sight. Movin myself onward from the darkness into the light. I take flight, it's goodbye, to all the negativity. that plague millions of young innocent souls like me. Gave me the genius mindstate necessary. to feast off of this unlimited figurative tree. of life, I tried to tell these niggaz that our purpose is to move it. Somethin like Darwin's beliefs of humans in evolutions. As I fall asleep on these social forms of materialism. I wake up and go through more colors than your normal prism. Would you rest my soul? I'm blindin me to a blurry of visions. In light of me on what to cut with such gifted precision. And now I'm truly livin . And now I'm truly livin . Na-na-na-na-na na, whoa-ohh {}. . "Brothers and sistersfriendsand I see some enemies. . In fact I think we'd be fooling our self's if we had a audience. this large and didn't realize that there were some enemies present". I'm a weapon that fires. Lyrical projectiles with no mercy. I'm cold blooded like reptiles. Touch a pregnant bitch and make her give birth to a dead child. Every time I flex styles. Niggas vacate the premises and become exiles. I manufacture rhymes like textiles of x-files. And lighten juveniles. Living life with no purpose. Organize a army that will make the devil's nervous. Competition is worthless. Like the electoral vote. If you provoke I'll break your motherfucking neck in a yoke. Your better off throwing your shitty life away sniffing coke. Technique will choke you into a spiritual state. And it will take a lake of hydrochloric acid to soften this. I'll fake your parents suicide and kill you in the orphanage. But I inspire ideological metamorphosis. Stop talking shit or I'll make your existence a memory. So you can have me frozen cryogenically for centuries. But I'll break the ice if anyone on the planet mentions me. I'll burn a hypocritical flag intentionally. Explosive revolutionary. Chemistry's my destiny. No mercy is what I chemically bomb on enemies. Your life's a fucking mistake, technique is the remedy. Destroy you before you become what you intended to be. And in the future you'll worship those that descended from me. When I fight you I won't snipe you. I'll use a HIV infected needle to strike you. As well as anyone that vaguely resembles or looks like you. And just to spite you I'll force your children. At gun point to bite you. And rip a piece off. To start the beef off of the rest of your petty limited life. I'm coming at cha to catch ya by surprising the sight. Nobodies stupid enough to back ya when tactically attack ya. Because my style is nasty like protruding bone fractures. And your a played out dirty pussy devil. Like Margaret Datcher. But technique never get captured inside the rapture. Cause I mastered the art of causing natural disasters. You should learn the difference. In between the students and the master. My stature is the dispatcher of damaging decibels. And even though my starving people are considered expendable. I consecutively escape the racist court puritanical. I spit raw kinetic energy that's immeasurable. Retaliation for perpetration is unendable. Mercy is not extendible. I'll break your fucking brain down into psychological chemicals. . A yo I come from New York VA's where they found me. This Mr Cheeks I keep freaks around me. LB Fam surround me in case something pops off. Heat up in the winter in the summer take the tops off. I'm from up north a New York City nigga. About  feet I weigh a buck  nigga. Not a pretty nigga smooth criminal type. Freestyle or write I could do this all night. I'm still that nigga with them hartts and them Timbs on. Rims on the whip shorty come along. It ain't hard to tell a yo I'm back now. Look at the game yo E lay the track down. Ok now how do that sound it sound official to me. Let them know we in the place to be. And I got this chick thinking the taste's with me. And she's leaving the place with me well let's go. Now what you hear is not a test. It's the dice game runner he's one of the best. Yo peep me at a game I came down with finesse. Yo that's my word you heard the rest well let's go get it . A yo my tux ain't rented it's been a minute I'm back in it. Pulled up in the STS this shit's tinted. Jumped out like the mack with the black apple jack on. My fault I ain't mean to make you wait that long. I've been there I done that I hits the scene. I hit the spot and rock I gets the green. Yo listen money this is all I do. Bag chicks stack chips road trips with the crew. We world wide man we got a lot of fam. From the Boo-Yaa Tribe to   man. That Queens nigga get his dough in every way. No bullshit he's in the lab like every day. I throw my L's up for those that rep the team. The middle finger goes up for those that left the scene. Well how you see it well there's more green to burn than earn. You know the saying man yo you live to learn. I like to be up on the low spit my flow and get dough. Earn my keep in the game like I aim to get more. We did it in the past we still doing it now. It's the LBF fuck who ruin it how. I'm far from a scrub chicks love the style. That's why they behave badly and act all wild. I love it when I bring a cutie back to the cut. I'm blowing smoke on her bootie she shaking her butt. I throw a little bit more joy juice in her cup. She lights another L up yo that's what's up. She's good to go so I throw on some songs. She peels of her jeans off and shows the thong. It's a day in the life of your nigga here. E Double yeah that's my nigga there. Ain't forcing nothing shorty rock giving it up. Yo Jamaica funk nigga I'm just living it up. . Now the skies could fall. Not even if my boss should call. The world it seems so very small. Cause nothing even matters, at all. See nothing even matters. See nothing even matters at all. Nothing even matters. Nothing even matters at all. See I don't need no alcohol. Your love makes me feel ten feet tall. Without it I'd go through withdrawal. Cause nothing even matters, at all. Nothing even matters. Nothing even matters at all. Nothing even matters. No-thing matters at all. These buildings could drift out to sea. Some natural catastrophe. Still there's no place I'd rather be. Cause nothing even matters to me. See nothing even matters. See nothing even matters to meee. Nothing even matters. Nothing even matters to me. You're part of my identity. I sometimes have a tendency. to look at you religiously. Cause nothing even matters, to me. Nothing even matters. Nothing even mat-ters. Said it don't matter, baby baby. Don't matter. Now you won't find me at no store. I have no time for manicures. With you it's never either or. Cause nothing even matters, no more. See nothing it don't matter. See nothing even mahhh-ahhhters no more. Nothing even mahh-ters. Nothing even matters no more. Now my team could score. and make it to the Final Four. Just repossessed my four by four. Cause nothing even matters, no more. Nothing even matters. Nothing even matters no more. Nothing even matters. No no more. To me, to me, to me, to me. To me, to me, to me, to me to me to me. . It's plain to see. You can't change me . Cause I'm a be a nigga for life. For life we gonna be niggaz. Fuck the world it's yours my niggaz. Load the nine and blaze my niggaz. Who's that chipped out. Twenty one year old, hot commodity. Coming out of a bum deal lottery. With a flow like sodomy. Put it on your bitch ass quite properly. I suggest you keep all eyes on me. And don't sleep as it is I'm highly critique. Pussy, money, murder it's part of my mystique. You feelin me this here is one of Queens elite. Predecessor of the street. While you munch I eat. JA's here . The nigga you love but still fear. I done been there done that. Now nigga it's my year. I can leave you on the clear view. If you ain't yet clear. Matter of fact if you breathin be glad you got air. Shut the fuck up. When grown folks are talkin you hear. Or get your shit blown baby. From mouth to ear. Don't fear when you smoke weed and fuckin your wife. Why? Cause I'm a nigga for life. Spare yourself the reality of an ass whippin. What I'm givin when I be gettin tight and start flippin. On your bitch ass niggaz that like formin a cipher. Gates me hyper. Want the real I'm a slice ya. Light ya. Ass up with sixteen or more slugs. Comin from my snub nose bull dog. Raw, to the core lets lay down some laws. This is JA's house bow down or bring the war. Motherfuckers. Y'all don't want to touch what's hot. Whatever it be mic, glock, drug spot. Like a bitch you scared of life and takin chances. And right now you showin more ass then an exotic dancer. The answer is this, niggaz don't wanna touch. JA is livin stronger then a fucking coke rush. See on the streets we be killin niggaz like cash. And you heard INC nigga it's murda. It's plain to see. You can't change me . Cause I'm a be a nigga for life. Nigga, I live among thoroughbreds, raised to blaze lead. If you get shot play dead and put two in his head. I'm known to pasteurize and criticize a nigga size. Look him right in the eyes and leave him dead where he lies. We come through mobbin like crips from Compton. We're all in burners and sippin on gin, fuck flossin. Nigga I'm burnin iron, and if you ain't buyin. Then you're dyin, from denyin, I'm so inspirin. To the youth, see I'm settin it straight. Lettin them know never to step on nothin less then an eighth. And the longer it takes, somebody is gonna die for it. The "Streets is Watchin'" - Jigga warned you don't ignore it. It's only niggaz holdin, go JAP and blow yen. With the six double straight out of the pen. Brandishin, steel for the ice. Hioldin my dick, talkin shit, shootin dice. A nigga for life. So whatcha sayin is. What the fuck is a nigga?. Rob a bitch, slap a bitch. All that shit. . World's world's world's famous . Your now listenin to . Skateboard P and the Louis Vuitton Don . It's so unfair so unreasonable. Let's go. I musta hurt your feelings . Your temper hit the ceiling. You know I wanna talk to you . Oh girl come on . But to maintain this livin . God knows it's not given . You know I got a lots to do . Oh girl come on . I know this part ain't pretty . But you know I been busy . Thats why I can't talk long on the phone . Oh girl come on . So honey if you with me . Know I'll look for your pretty . Face to smile when I get home. And when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin . Cause you're my. Number  . Smash hit . Off the charts . Classic . Soon as I'm done . I'm dashin . Home to hold your heart . And smash it . Go. Didn't I just tell ya . That you're my Cinderella . My dream ball ain't fixed one sight . Oh girl come on . Baby you know I'd rather be where you are . You are my shining star. But last night that just wasn't right. Oh girl come on . I know this part ain't pretty . But you know I been busy. Thats why I can't talk long on the phone . It's hard for you baby girl come on . So honey if you with me . Know I'll look for your pretty . Face to smile when I get home . And when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin . Cause you're my . Number  . Smash hit . Off the charts . Classic . Soon as I'm done . I'm dashin . Home to hold your heart . And smash it . Go. Yesterday I was half the man you see. Baby thats because you the other half of me. You my number  hit on the line of the charts. I'mma +FedEx+ my love and have you +sign+ for my heart. For my number  I keep ya dumb fly. Fresh to death you like after death. I resurrected my gold Jesus of Nazareth. Now we +Fresh+ as a +Prince+ while they +Jazzy Jeff+. And you don't be sayin shit when they askin questions. A-a-and you be givin me my space a-a-and. You don't be runnin on +myspace+ a-a-and. You know some other shit I hate w-w-what. W-w-when they violate b-but. Tonight man I ain't in the mood for it. Don't matter who or you or look how ya co-or. Dinated man that's my favorite. I love the way that it. Number  . Smash hit . Off the charts . Classic . Soon as I'm done . I'm dashin . Home to hold your heart . And smash it . Number  . Smash hit  . Off the charts. Classic  . Soon as I'm done . I'm dashin  . Home to hold your heart. And smash it  . World's world's world's famous . World's world's world's famous . World's world's world's famous . World's world's world's famous . . "- Asshole". Ha ha ha you don't know me.  yeah, yeah, ha ha. I'm obnoxious, motherfucker can't you tell. Run through Little Havana yellin, 'Viva Fidel'. Jerkin off with the sheets when I stay at hotels. Drinking Bacardi at AA meetings, smokin a L. I'm broke as hell my attitude is no good. Like working for white people after watching Rosewood. So I'm a mercenary, I don't care how I get richer. like American companies that did business with Hitler. Get the picture nigga, I'm "The Best of Both Worlds". without the hidden camera, and the  year old girl. Let's face it, you're basic, you aren't half the man that I am. I'll throw your gang sign up, and then I'll spit on my hand. give me a hundred grand, give me your watch, give me your chain. that's your girl, bitch get over here, give me some brain. I'll bust off on her face, and right after the segment. She'll probably rub it in her pussy, tryna get herself pregnant. I said it I meant it, that's the way I deal with enemies. like pro lifers, that support the death penalty. And don't talk about war, when niggaz know that you puss. A fucking hypocrite draft-dodger like George Bush. Don't push me nigga, cause I'm close to the edge. And I'll jump off with a rope that's wrapped around your head. Send a dead fetus to my ex on Valentine's Day. The safety's off nigga, so get the fuck out my way. Obnoxious nigga, murderous lyrics. I know that you hear it. now that I'm getting closer and closer I know that you feel it. You're eating off rap, and I hope you choke on your gimmick. Niggaz said hip hop was dead but I'm invokin the spirit. We taking it back in the day to the golden age. when wack motherfuckers used to get thrown off stage. Immortal Technique, I made this the bump in your ride. or burn it off the internet, and bump it outside. nigga, we keeping it live, we keeping it live. we keeping it live, we keeping it live. burn it off the fucking internet, and bump it outside. Yeah nigga. Look motherfucker, my words damage and slaughter. A raging alcoholic like the President's daughters. Disgusting flow like third world country tap water. but before I hit the border, someone give me a quarter. Cause I'ma prank call COP-SHOT just for kicks. Payback for every time that they called me a spic. and Puerto Rican chicks tell me that I fuck like I'm loco. and Dominican women call me the 'Rompe  they call me 'ocioso,' I'd rather get fired than quit. I get unemployment, you work and we making the same shit. How dare you niggaz criticize the way that I spit. you coffee shop revolutionary son of a bitch. but you know what the fuck I think is just pathetic and gay. when niggaz speculate what the fuck 'Pac would say. You don't know shit about a dead man's perspective. And talking shit'll get your neckbone disconnected. Disrespected, niggaz don't show no love. why you trying to be hardcore, you fucking homo-thug. and don't be sensitive and angry at the shit that I wrote. Cause if you can take a fuckin dick, you can take a joke. I'll choke your friends in front of you to prove that you've fallen off. And you won't do shit about it, like the Church during the Holocaust. Kalashnikov machine gun flow that I fire. Obnoxious until they shoot me on the day I retire. Daaamn homie, in high school I beat the shit out of you and your man homie. your girl wanna blow me and don't even know me. She lonely and she think you a phony. I take a piss on a development deal from Sony, or Def Jam. Cause you like all of the rest, man. This ain't a , this shit talk at the end of the song. and you can suck a dick if you think I ended it wrong. fuck you and I'm gone, ha ha ha. Peace to the Stronghold, EO dub. Word-A-Mouf, Forbidden Chapters. IAK niggaz, Wax Poe, killin you slow. The Plague, I'll murder a show, you don't even know. yeah, fowl play nigga. Harlem Wooo. .  Yeah, uh huh. Been a lot of shit that I held back. But I'ma let you know now. Blackout, it's gettin' dark in here. Turn on the light, let me see what's in front of me. All of a sudden, this picture I painted just turned ugly. I'm tryin' to do good, but the devil's fuckin' wit me. 'Cause I ain't ever had no beef, but now I need some fuckin' heat. It seems like every time I get it I lose it. Get it, abuse it, and what I'm left with is useless. 'Cause three years in a row, I felt like the world was mine. And three years in a row, I lost it all in the blink of an eye. And I believe what I do 'll come back one day. But why am I still losin'? I can't take the pain. Am I to blame? Please excuse me for my rotten ways. I'm just tryin' to do what I gots to do so I get paid. Get down and pray to the souls from up above. And hopefully my guardian angel will show me some love. Forgive me for my sins and all the shit that I did. And hopefully she won't let it reflect onto my kid. . They say, "One day here, it'll make sense". That's why we get high and stay bent. Even the rose grows from the pavement. Tell 'em, Tone . Y'all don't know what it's like bein' born with stress against you. Only feelin' in this world is the life within you. You'd have to be damn near dead to see the nights I been through. Damn near dead to feel the wind beneath you. Envisionin' so much, my minds an open window. Where I gather all these thoughts for all your broken info. If seein' is believin', then there's more to live fo'. My only reasonin' is breathin' and I live to just hope. What you know about bein' bedside next to your girl. On poison control IV's 'cause she can't stand the world?. And what you know about no heat and no electric?. I sold my MP to pay the bills, I'm so pathetic. I wake up and go to work, back aches and my shoulders hurt. And what's it worth? I'm easily checked and don't control my earth. Still walk these hollow grounds, bein' lost but never found. Say to the Lord, "I'll die for music", but there's never sound. Screamin' in vein, everything be seemin' the same. Ask my mom, "What's the problem, why am I feelin' this way?". Ask my pop, "Can you solve it?", this game, I'm bleedin' to stay. More then willing to give it up if I can't live it up. Hand in my clutch, gun in my lap. Doin' a buck and some change, not knowin' where the fuck I'm at. I try to maintain, the pain is unstoppable. Put my son on my back and I maneuver through the obstacles. . They say, "One day here, it'll make sense". That's why we get high and stay bent. Even the rose grows from the pavement. Tell 'em, Tone . They say, "One day here, it'll make sense". That's why we get high and stay bent. Even the rose grows from the pavement. Tell 'em, Tone . , pops died, middle of the night. Forty-six years old, middle of his life. My mother ain't have a job, poppy was on his grind. And we ain't got no money, so she lose her fuckin' mind. Lenny helped out, and that was real. But he had a little daughter to raise, and that's the deal. My other brother, I won't mention his fuckin' name. 'Cause he ain't worthy of my bitterness or fuckin' pain. Me and my mother, all we needed was some love. And my brother, all he needed was his drugs. How could you look at us with a job, we was poor. It's your mother birthday, you don't give her a call?. You have two nephews and a beautiful niece. But they don't think of you as Uncle, they think you deceased. I'm so fuckin' mad that I got a slug for you. But Mommy raised me better, I got love for you. . I'll see you on the street, dog, we gonna handle it. One on one, beat you down and then hug you. Tell you I love you, daddy, but now, fuck you. . They say, "One day here, it'll make sense". That's why we get high and stay bent. Even the rose grows from the pavement. Tell 'em, Tone . They say, "One day here, it'll make sense". That's why we get high and stay bent. Even the rose grows from the pavement. Tell 'em, Tone . The rage of Angels. . Man. I'm forcin it that uh. I have the talent . And hey. Xscape. he's the B-O you know that he's off the glass. BW yes i've been this way ever since I was a baby. O-H-I-O bringin down the stash. BW for all my dogs all the kids all my ladies. Bow Wow. It's the B-O you know that I'm off the glass. reprasentin so so we maki that cash. It's a little pup now everybody wanna be hustlas. Earned my stripes from the platinum MIC. Now what's up -- times and still countin. How many time do I keep ya bouncin. Wait let me think ever since My interlude . not a day goes by that you won't see me on the tube. Big thangs for a little big man. Still rock the mickey but I had to go and cop that big dog chain. Big dog earings. Ima do my thang. So when you see me on the streets. You see that big dog bling. When I crossed out yo' bak . It's gotta be up in it. If the ride ain't tinted. If I forget to mention. It's all about the benjamins Somebody betta tell em. . Xscape. he's the B-O you know that he's off the glass. BW yes i've been this way ever since I was a baby. O-H-I-O bringin down the stash. BW Tell em who I am  those that don't know. from the O-H-I-O bringin down th stash. For all my dogs all the kids all my ladies. Bow Wow. I'm from the O-H-I-O. Doggy Bag near you movin outthe sto'. ya'll know know how I do it. I keep em on the flo. Hands up knees bent have em' yelin So So.  way onte side of my Girbauds. Forces on my feet ,I'm lookin so neat. I old ya'll I'm so tight to def. From Gucci to P-Roda to mentin venesse. Now tell me this. How could we eer cut slack. When got my nizzle juiggas up on he Trizack. Yeah first it was Bounce Wit me. nd That's my Name . All w gon do it hit ya'll wit it Again. i got  on my neck .  on my wrist.  in my ear. I'm so Sick wit it . I been in ths game since the age of . So by the time I'm  Imma be Ridiculous. HOLLA .  . . Why niggaz wanna clock me?. like that dance called the chachi. Don't they know I break motherfuckers into parts like Rocky. Part I, part II, part III, niggaz can't fuck with me. My style's knock-kneed plum crazy . Who's that wild ass motherfucker catchin wreck. Stickin Jamaicans for sound sets outside discoteques. It's Klep the death specialist, Stallone and Stone shit. Stayin high representin for the nine-quint. Ras bad guy, burns the house down like Left Eye. Why try mimic? MC's get broke like speed limits . Niggaz can't fuck with my metaphors. Canin MC's like they in Singapore; Klep been through more wards. than Humphrey Shore, put together catchin leathers. on the regular, got that net, push me round and Dread stressin a. trick hoe, what the Dread won't know won't hurt. Robbin his workers for they work; now, WHOSE TURF IS THIS?. It's Klep's, the clothes wreckers'. Life interceptor, pussy collector. Got your bitch on my dick and I ain't even stressin her. Check enough sex in her, my styles are regular. Junior MAFIA clique moves in like the senator.  Niggas say "Oh my lord". Throw gats to Guiliani. Flows tighter than bitches punani, try me, die G. Dangerous, since my daddy bust me out. the tip of his dick, Biggie Smalls with the wickedest shit. Spit clips, niggaz split like bananas. Flavour like Tropicana; orange, mango, peach. I strangle each -- negro for they dough. Niggaz get to bendin, got two cases, one pendin.  V- engine, women spinnin. in -- Mazda's, Tammy and Natasha. The menage-a-trois around my waist. like Ill and Al Skratch smokin  sacks in the back of Ac's. Windows cracked, so sit back relax. Yo Vec, crush the hash, the Beretta's in the stash.  repeat . What you doin with yourself?  Stone heart's the way to wealth. Indecisive thoughts make sentences get dealt. Money makes the world go round, robbin shit. Fuck a job shit, niggaz want cribs, bricks and spliffs. All-wheel automobiles, traction control. for clay roads, rollin with dough, kickin game. on the cel with bitches on hold, that's how we roll . Rhymes got tight as hell so to the bank I stroll . Money on my mind, open lips from my eyes. reveal pupils shaped like dollar signs --. -- the world is mine. Niggaz frontin, feelin twelve gauge pellets. BIG is repellant, to all that "He say, she say". We play, Russian roulette, fuck the threat. Your whole crew's vagina, you and your co-signer. Nigga, we rollin in eight and a halfs, TV's in the dash. Three G's in the stash, see we love the cash. No coke, then get some more. . Niggaz don't know bout my game, they don't know. how complex it is, baggin bitches in GS  Lexuses. and the sex is for summer sports. Passports for drug transports to remote resorts. Bitches with Donna Karan "Catwoman" suits, matchin figure boots. Haircut cute, on tops and garters like prostitutes. My lyrics explicit. Got bitches bringin they own condoms on the first visit. If Biggie bring big bowls of beef. backin bitch niggaz down, burners bring bundles of belief. Common thief, slash drug chief, syndicated. Went from  K, to  K and motherfuckers hate it. JM sedated, quarantined . BIG for President, buckin shots past the spleen.  millimeter dream, Mac  nightmares. Electric chairs, which MC's do you fear?. Big Poppa, Junior MAFIA, nuff said. Niggaz disrespect just are dead. . Aiyyo I roll like a bat out of hell. Evil acapell's fly spittin out of my grill. Before I hit the sky with springtime colors. Juicy as a Sunkist, certain broads double dutch this. They carve it in they wrist, pales berry blazes. Straighten the crumbs left on the stove, clothes in my lady hair. Plus yours the look gold God, the old tainted bald technique. Got these vestibules designer niggaz in they whips. jumpin out they seats, eighteen, Bronzeman Part II. We like Dorothy Hamill on ice. We in your hood we might circle, hats down low in the Range. Switch lanes, change my tire, peel out. Real loud on the stage yo, I shitted on your hood kid. I shitted on your hood, got to your burner too late. I'm lookin real good, draped out. Shinin like a fresh fifty cent piece, your girlfriend, c'mere. Oh shit, you my man's niece, the gourmet pocket twenty. bombs made of clay, Sexcapades take place. We fucked in forty-eight shades might walk up in your studio. time slap your engineer, it's lighter fluid to DAT style. Hand me the matches now. Aiyyo rainbow Roley on the wrist, now what's this. Niggaz bless this, eight and a half, Bally banana twist. E shakes, puffin on lye, feedin the seed's plate. Pullin out, old dirty eights to rob gates. Major wake up, the kid telltales, make a nigga head wake up. Beats break, the nigga would take off his time. Honolulu status, gladdest. the rich rock cabbage and dollar vans grands. That nigga mad savage, stationary Hall of Justice. Niggaz came clumped out. Just came home, now they bunked out. Money be longer than triple life. til the sun burn out, that's my word. Move it with the burner out. Fidel way of thinkin, roll with the Mac bent Ac-. Most of my team, Five Percent check what the live said. Rollin with Guess vests pedestrians yo. holdin my nuts, fuckin thousand dollar lesbians. . Let the shot spark, soon as his pit bull barks. Tire scars from skid marks leaves from jams in school parks. Witness, forget his, original statement. Even in protection programs there's no escapement. Gunned down, we in town, hit king from seven crowns. Spent rounds catch him while he rhyme in the Zebra Lounge. Wounded, back in the eighty-three summer heat. Up in three-oh-nine park, rhymin off the drummer's beat. I stalk the city streets demonstratin mic wrecks. All lookin stank, I ain't playin wit a full deck. And as they nervously stare, I know they scared. They saw the coming of Wu, the neon in Times Square. Household name, assassin, killa bee. Mill to the grain, that posess the Wu, trilogy. Quick to spot those that bite camoflouge and blend. Those that got styles, they got identical twins. Don't stretch the small thing, copycats are finnicky. without skills, they master the art of mimicry. But I go line for line on the whole page. Your unspotted life on the mic is old age. {rocket fired, whistles off and explodes, breaking glass}. . Uh, can't even really be rap. You can't even really act like you gotta get it in without a, uh. , yeah. Cocksuckers , pause, hahaha.  - . It's ya man, Joey. Reportin live from the slums . Reportin live from the belly of the beast . Reportin live from a hood near you . Or maybe not so near you. Now, l-look, look. First off, I'm not competin, I'm more like stampedin, I'm more like steamrollin . More like puttin my foot on the neck of the game until I see it chokin. I hold on for dear life , the flow is air tight and the bars are bar none. Regarded as the one, fuck music, it's a art to son. Let's rewind, see, I was born in the projects, left for a new hood. Jetted to a new state, lookin for a new pace. Diamond in the rough, I stood out amongst the fugaz'. Swear a friend a mine headlined every news page , with dreams of bein wealthy. You now checkin out the New Jersey version of Peter Petrelli. But wait, with a little Travis Barker on the side. 'Cause when it all falls down, I normally survive. I'm tryin to see a new tax bracket, so I'll never have to grab 'matics. I ain't concerned with no rap racket . So y'all could take my name through the mud and drag it. Spread it to the masses, , I still play it passive . I got no choice but walk around with the lead on me. Life is way too short, too many dead homies . Plus with all the money I invest, everyday a nigga die for less . So if a nigga wanna go to war, wave hi to death. I mean he lives right next to me, so he ain't a threat to me. He's a beast, he's a monster, he is insane. He's an animal, he cannot be tamed. What rapper you know, that straight feast on a lame. And rock on a track, beast on the game.  - . I'm still livin life in the fast lane . Still plottin on my big money scheme like he Wesley and Woody thinkin . how to rob a cash train. Shittin on hoes that'll act vain. 'Til the whole world know his last name . Still spit like it ain't no tomorrow. It ain't over y'all, underrated so I overcharge. Old Dodge, radio off, fuck a station. Get to know me through the music, not a publication . It's no justification, , I mean enough with the waitin . I lost all my trust and my patience. That came without the crown or the chair or the robe. Nigga, I don't care what you sold . They let the beast out of the cage, look at the hunger. Got yourself into some shit, look at the plunger. I'm talkin 'cause I'm livin it . Entrepreneur Steve Rifkind shit, though a few haters wanna hinder it. I'm comin with some different shit. And these offices all about my paper, that's that Dunder Mifflin shit. Rapper on 'roids, sick with the thoughts . But managed to keep my name out the Mitchell Report. See I'm a, inspiration for a whole generation. Even when I'm gone but my message in syndication. Then you too can attain the unattainable . But fuck tryin to explain the unexplainable. Nigga, fuck. Uh, done talkin to these niggaz. Nahmean?. Who the fuck am I to try to explain some shit to niggaz?. I ain't no fuckin professor or nothin, I ain't a teacher. I ain't one of the old heads that get high and just start kickin knowledge. Fuck niggaz. Get your own experience nigga. Don't lean on me. . I'm on my way. Whether sunny or rain - I'm on my way. Destiny is pre-ordained - I'm on my way. Whether ecstasy or pain - I'm on my way. I'm black and free from your chains - I'm on my way. Whether sunny or rain - I'm on my way. Destiny is pre-ordained - I'm on my way. Whether ecstasy or pain - I'm on my way. I'm black and free from your chains - I'm on my way. {harmonizing fades out}. . Kill dem bumboclaat Anywaaaayyyyyyyyy Gangsta for life. Aiyyo how that nigga Pac use to say it? Yay Yay. JA I'm reppin, twenty four seven. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Whoooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . Everyday I'm on top of my game. I'm on top of my game, liquor stores stop and pour. Henrock in my veins it's called stoppin the pain. Got more dollars to gain and your boppin to Wayne. But long as I entertain I'm 'gon pocket and bang. 'Cause man I rather be up, know I'm rockin them chains. Before I'm robbin for change in the world ridin the trains. Your thought process is lame your songs soundin the same. You floss bottomless fame and throw up shots and complain. Call me out of my name you gone out of your lane. Your mama could hang, call her Saddam Hussein . Gone coppin the 'caine, long drivin I'm grippin the four five in the range. More shots in your brain. They say the devil makin us all hot in the flames. Somebody tell me why is the lord watchin it rain. More shots in my thang, more dots in my aim. More rocks in my chain, on top I remain. THUG-A. BK where I'm reppin, twenty four seven. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Catch me on the block, with-out my glock. Not Everyday I'm on top of my game. Never catch me slippin, simply 'cause I'm grippin. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Whoooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . Everyday I'm on top of my game . While y'all in the crib watchin the playoffs. I'm on the back block with the strap lettin it ring off. Tellin him he nice you gassin him like Adolf  . Hitler like Nicholas Cage I'll take his +Face/Off+. Coppin smif and wess, let the Kanye off. Takin rich folks to the bank like Bernie Madoff. Stay strapped, finish one of these rappers. They know I stay with the strap like parts spelled backwards. Pound for pound Pacquiao and Chad Dawson boy. Ask a couple of years back would've said I was goin with Roy. And Mayweather, I bet money on all them boys. Knuckle game ill beat niggas up way more than Floyd. Your talkin 'bout your team, stop it with all the noise. You was on the team but you was the waterboy. Thug-A-Thug-A We them niggas they all avoid. Y'all played out like corduroys, on top of my game. BK where I'm reppin, twenty four seven. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Catch me on the block, with-out my glock. Not Everyday I'm on top of my game. Never catch me slippin, simply 'cause I'm grippin. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Whoooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . Everyday I'm on top of my game . Now before I buy the cash 'cause I still got the block. Mad Sadam on the block everydayyyyyyyyyyy. Thug-A-Cation is the movement, and we got haters movin out of the wayyyyyyyyyyyyy.  I'm givin it to them  I'm givin it to them . I'm givin it to them  I'm givin it to them . I'm givin it to them  I'm givin it to them . I'm givin it to them  I'm givin it to them . BK where I'm reppin, twenty four seven. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Catch me on the block, with-out my glock. Not Everyday I'm on top of my game. Never catch me slippin, simply 'cause I'm grippin. Everyday I'm on top of my game. Whoooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . Everyday I'm on top of my game . Gully God Papoose Kingston Jamaica New York Brooklyn. Gullyside, We The Best ever lived Ha Ha Ha. Bomb I, catch it, yeah. . {Lost Boyz ad lib for the first  seconds}. I think it was the month of June, when I bumped, heads with this chick. Me and my click, we was on the Van Wyck. A whip rolls up on the strip, full of freaks. The music lowers down and this passenger speaks. It's a, flame of mine from back in the day. John Adams High down on Rockaway. Like to blow around the smoke in the air from the trees. from the way it's lookin, word they still gettin G's. Scoped out the whip, I'm checkin out each honey. They must be gettin money, I didn't see code . The L's was burnin, Alize is what they drinkin. If she said she's on the way and yo it really had me thinkin. of back in the day when we both used to swerve. At parties we would bounce, smoke a whole ounce of herb. Word my man I never hit it raw. On the strength to-fuckin-day we still get it on, listen. I'm, just your, ordinary guy. Love bitches and money and love bein high. Run with Pretty Lou, Spig Nice and Freaky Tah. How that sound?  Ahhhhh-ahhhhhh. Here's a little somethin from Linden and the . We used to get down and hustle my man. But nothing comes easy in this world full of shit. Nigga take this job and shove it out quick what. One day I'm workin up on the block. Slingin my motherfuckin rock. Now police they tried to run up on us. My niggaz tried to warn us  on all the corners. And now I'm I'm I'm I'm jettin. You see I'm almost, I'm almost, Moet-ed. Hopped over the gate, landed in my man's backyard. I knocked on the door, yo whassup bruh?. Yo let a nigga like, me in. Police they tryin to pull a nigga in. They lookin for the kid that's sellin that crack note. Lookin for the suspect in the black coat. Yo, I'm not, I'm I'm not the baddest. but these motherfuckers know my status. Now peep it I be comin with the motherfuckin. thunder and the rain, I will remain, cause. . This job, shove it out quick. Nuttin come easy in this world full of shit. Used to put me down, to hustle with my man. Little somethin, from livin in the 'Ville. Huh, huh, huh, hustle my man. Huh, huh. Now, now, now, now this one day I'm workin at JFK. It's the th of July, nigga HEY. Something's wrong man, I don't like this day. it's going too long man, I'm gettin strong man. from pickin up these motherfuckin banners. See I want that shit to make my eyes sad. So I jumped off early, got on the back of the . I'm all in and in the van with my man. Now I'm up on the block, puffin lye. And I'm with Lou, Spig, and Tah. Now peoples lookin at us, lookin at us. Police they wanna come through and rush. But we ain't got no crack, we got weed. That's all we need, yes indeed. And I'll, always. smoke weed in the hallways, cause. . Take this job and shove it out quick. Nothin comes easy in this world full of shit. I used to get down and hustle my man. Here's a little somethin from Linden and the . Now here's a little somethin from Linden and the . We used to get down and hustle my man. Now nothin comes easy in this world full of shit. Nigga take this job and shove it out quick. Take this job and shove it out quick. Nothin comes easy in this world full of shit. I used to get down and hustle my man. Well here's a little somethin from Linden and the . Here's a little somethin from Linden and the . I used to get down, and hustle my man. Now nothin comes easy in this world full of shit. Nigga take this job and shove it out quick. What?. {ad libbing to the fade}. . You don't really want a close encounter. This dude's talkin' like he knows the bouncers. I move up on ya face for talkin' outta place. Get your spine ripped out by Jedi Mind Tricks, ouch. And ain't nobody gangsta, we just fight good. Left jab, uppercut, then a right . Jedi Mind spit rhymes like I write s. Type you don't wanna fight wit, Jedi Mind Tricks. Hey yo, great rap outta BC, the track. The beat beast master, heat clapper, speakin' the facts. Keys to the 'Lac, weed in the back, foot on the gas. Squeezin' the gat, leave it at that, my foot in yo' ass. Listen, bust your rat, you scream, Ruck is back, bitch. "You gonna fuck up your career, you hear?" Fuck the rap shit. I make the same money when I hustle this crack shit. Probably make more 'cause a nigga don't pay no taxes. Access the gun's off the earth axis. Axis of evil, the evil 'll leave your hat split. Ruck flow is like "Fuck you, God". I don't wanna rhyme, I need a construction job. Listen, backpack rap, Jansporter crew. Big guns and fast cars, Transporter, too. I camcord your crew with a clip in they mouth. Sean Price, fuck you riffin' about? Shut the fuck up, yeah. You don't really want a close encounter. This dude's talkin' like he knows the bouncers. I move up on ya face for talkin' outta place. Get your spine ripped out by Jedi Mind Tricks, ouch. And ain't nobody gangsta, we just fight good. Left jab, uppercut, then a right . Jedi Mind spit rhymes like I write s. Type you don't wanna fight wit, Jedi Mind Tricks. I put you in the fuckin' torture wrath, I carry forty gats and pure black. That send you and your spiritual to where the Lord is at. You read "Behold a Pale Horse"? Well, I authored that. And on top of that, Vinnie the owner of a gorgeous gat. I don't trust nobody, cousin, I'm a cautious cat. I see inside your eyes, it's where demonic forces at. Fuck around and get laced with the Luger. If you sympathize with the hellinization of Judah. My place is the future, everybody say "The boy nice". Philly to Brooklyn, Brooklyn to Philly with Sean Price. I'm not sayin' I'm the nicest around. I'm just sayin' I'm the nicest with the knife and the pound. I'm strikin' you down, Pazienza always on the block. You the type to take a L and fuckin' call the cops. Cross the other side of street because you saw it's hot. Call me Mike Fratello baby, 'cause I call the shots, yeah, pussy. You don't really want a close encounter. This dude's talkin' like he knows the bouncers. I move up on ya face for talkin' outta place. Get your spine ripped out by Jedi Mind Tricks, ouch. And ain't nobody gangsta, we just fight good. Left jab, uppercut, then a right . Jedi Mind spit rhymes like I write s. Type you don't wanna fight wit. I'm comin' at you with various weapons, hittin' your body in various sections. Even the mutha fuckin' devil was there when I blessed him. Better selection of clappers then you. Jesus Price, Pazienza better rappers then you. I've had it with you, every rhyme I write a testament. About the war and our apocalyptic president. About how I studied the science of raw. How I carry Desert Eagle's and defy it's a law. My violence is pure, walk the battlefield with stainlesses. They say I'm deranged, disconnected and dangerous. My rap is sharp enough to slash your fuckin' veins and wrist. I'll put a knife into my heart to see if pain exists. My forty cal' is fuckin' dyin' to bust. It could teach you how to bleed and how to die in the dust. Yeah, I'm tryin' to organize with people I identify. While Bush and Cheney sit and celebrate a genocide, yeah. You don't really want a close encounter. This dude's talkin' like he knows the bouncers. I move up on ya face for talkin' outta place. Get your spine ripped out by Jedi Mind Tricks, ouch. And ain't nobody gangsta, we just fight good. Left jab, uppercut, then a right . Jedi Mind spit rhymes like I write s. Type you don't wanna fight wit, Jedi Mind Tricks, ouch. . I was born three six seven eighteen with ???? on the wisdom. Hail to the moon, just like Kunta Kinte. That means I'm gifted from the get-go. Mom's you never let go. Mad thanks for raising me right, bro'. You gave me confidence to stop the nonsense. Didn't live in Bel Air like the Fresh Prince. Times are hard, times are rough. Didn't have Toys R Us toys, but I had enough love. Plus the guidance from above. To go to the park, sweatin' push and shove. Maybe then for a dunk like you told me. Then there were a few times when Dad had to scold me. Prayed for my safety, I know how you was feeling. Didn't want me wheeling and get to drug-dealing. Remember when you asked me this one day. Who I wanna' be like, I said Dr J. Then you said, "Good, now you gotta' go. "Take the damn ball and slam it through the hole". Mom cracked a smile, Daddy gave a frown. I said to myself, "I can't let them down". So make way, I'm coming in for a landing. And nothing's gonna' stop me, from being outstanding. I'm outstanding. Now let's skip to the time when I was fifteen. Shaq is in the house no, Shaq is on the scene. Now my name's in papers, girls caught the vapors. Kids look up to me like a skyscraper. Now, a role model I mean a role figure. Then I ask myself, can I get any bigger?. My dream is coming through, but coming through slowly. Then I remember what Mom and Dad told me. "Remember this, son, do all the runs. "Shoot your gift like a gun and never forget where you come from. "You're young, gifted, and Black. "If they can't say Shaquille O'Neal then make 'em scream, 'Shaq'". Like the fam' do, in the stands who. When I freak the funk on a dunk they, "Ahhh Oooh". From high school to college, they gave me enough knowledge. Make that gift and now it's. Time for me to fulfill my dream. To be in the [leaders' game?] like Dakeem. I'll make the backboards shatter, . Fans chit-chatter. Even make the other [sen-tails?] get madder. That's me Who can it be?. The master of disaster, seven foot three. Brother, ain't no other in the nation. I'm born from my mother but I'm God's creation. I'm outstanding. I'm outstanding. Cause now I'm outstanding. Wave your hands and pump your fist. When I'm on the court you know it's strictly "Swish". Cause there's some things that I gotta' do. Tape up the ankle, pump up my Shaq-shoe. And now it's time to take care of business. To run up the court with Nick and Dennis. Scott, but I won't stop. Gotta' keep striving until I reach the top. Gonna' take a peek over the mountain. I flow like a fountain. Peace, I gotta' go And I'm out and . But before I go, wave your hands. Peace to all my family, friends, and fam. I'm outstanding. . Uhh, uhh, uh-huh. Uhh . Bonnie n Clyde. Y'all motherfuckers know how it's goin down. . That's right, uhh. . Greyhound bitch, stay down bitch. Bout to set up shop with Jay, round this bitch. Half a brick of yea, bout to lay down this bitch.   Nah, I'm here to like slay down this bitch. What you think?  I don't wanna have to spray down this bitch. Call my whole team, from around the way down this bitch. I'm tryin to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch. Had a sound, so my nigga Jay drown the six. Roll the windows down and, weight round this bitch. But there's a couple things 'fore it's OK round this bitch. Gotta talk to the natives, let em know I'm here . for all to get the paydays, first I line up all the haters. I got jobs for ya, drop stars for ya. More arms than Green Bay's Brett Favre for ya. Money providentials hope that's not a problem for ya. If so, Jigga be here, day after tomorrow for ya . I got my two guns, I came to scoop ones. A down ass bitch and she down to click. Got a nice little hooptie that I get around with. And my plan is, not to leave this town til I'm rich. Gotta find a nigga sellin all them ounces and shit. Tell them get down with the click or get found in a ditch. See I drop down and strip, I turn around and spit. Not to hit em, just to let em know the sound of shit. Return later that evening in the club with Fox. And I got the snub nosed for those that love to box. I'm in search of them young niggaz that hug the block. all day, til it's like gray outside. Shoot dice talkin shit all day outside. And even when it's hot, they outside. Let em know, how it's gon' go, Bonnie n Clyde. And aiyyo, you will want me on your side. . Yo, yeah, I got that stress and I got it the best. I ain't got it to give but I got it to test. And if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest. is your time, I gotta move this in a, week or less. For the next couple of days I brought her all I posess. The Rolex, necklaces with the VVS. Twin to drive in the passenger with a TV rest. For my top draft picks I cop the new GS. Now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team. Cause I ain't sold em a dream, I just showed em the cream. Picked em up in the afternoons and told em some things. You know the regular shit you do when you moldin them teens. Yo, never lay your head where you holdin them things. From family, to your business, nothing goes in between. Never feared no man, put four in his Beem. Drop your gun then, blow the scene, ya heard me?. . Yeah, muthafuckas AotP in the building. Tazmanian Devil. Celph Titled. Planetary, OS Apathy. What's the deal, baby?. We mobbin' on you muthafuckas. Yeah. If there's one thing for certain, Celph Titled's a serpent. Put on this earth on purpose to change the ocean's current. Into tidal waves and lava, Secret government labs in Nevada. Found fragments of my sentence and died instant. From an infant to an emperor. Dead Sea Scrolls mixed with gangsta shit, my literature. Annihilate entire societies, nothin' left to salvage. Next mornin', loungin' on a tropic beach, gettin' drunk, talkin' about it. We might move in silence, not revealin' our plot. No alcohol in your system, but you'll be feelin' the shots. So many pistols, I'm the  King. Yes the Pharaohs is the new Flavor Unit, it's a fortified thing. And it's "A" 'cause we animals, "O" 'cause we ominous. "T" 'cause we tyrants and, "P" 'cause we're prominent. On all continents, our contents incite mosh pits. Products of our environment, we Designed to be Violent. And the Hologram showed you that, the prophecy was golden. The Torture Papers, hands catch on fire when they hold it. The game's changed, now there's more than  Perfect Exerters. Hang my portrait on the wall and you can frame me for murder. I'm a arson, y'all live y'all lives in coffins. I can hear y'all hatin' . Apathetic, call the paramedics, we had to set it. It's a war of words, they got lost inside the sentence. I'm diggin' graves, put the switch to my blade. Shank a nigga just for lookin' at me, get up on stage. When I say "Throw your hands up," better keep 'em up. 'Cause niggas is creepin' up with heaters up. And nigga, you soft, I'll take you to lunch and feed you a corpse. Wash it down with OE, see nigga, I boss. Celph bring guns and smoke, I bring rum and the coke. Love my wife, that's why I never had no love for a ho. What, you don't know? I spit it with a propane flow. Cocaine-to-the-nose rap, that's why Plan' about to blow. So let's go, take a walk with a menace. Alcoholic nigga, showin' 's love like tennis. I'm the product of angels and demons, cocaine and weedin'. Eight different reasons the A-P is breathin'. Language I'm speakin' is ancient as Eden. Where snakes had Eve eatin' Satan's semen. A top dollar pharmaceutical block scholar. Pop my collar like a bionic rottweiler. Molecules dissolve, I pass through walls. Solidify on the other side, grab my balls. I'm the shit, bitch, flip bricks bigger than Egyptians. Dragged across sand to expand my shipment. Shapes are shiftin', liftin' more weight than pistons. Attila the Hun with a gun, keep your distance. Toss UFO's at foes like a discus. The size of Godzilla, dick bigger than s. Wicked as a wizard with a liquid elixir. Stick to the script, I'm spittin' the unholiest scripture. And y'all are just now goin' through your thug phase. While I blast like flash grenades in drug raids. Try to criticize me, you little rappin'-ass groupie. Y'all as corny as muthafuckas who clap at the movies. The Army of the Pharaohs, checks with six ceros. Try to walk in my shoes and pop your Nike Air soles. There's no mercy, so of course the haters. Will get my autograph on The Torture Papers. . You know parents are the same no matter time nor place. They don't understand that us kids are gonna make some mistakes. So to you, all the kids all across the land. There's no need to argue, parents just don't understand. I remember one year. My mom took me school shopping. It was me, my brother, my mom, oh, my pop, and my little sister. All hopped in the car. We headed downtown to the Gallery Mall. MY mom started bugging with the clothes she chose. I didn't say nothing at first. I just turned up my nose. She said, "What's wrong? This shirt cost $". I said, "Mom, this shirt is plaid with a butterfly collar". The next half hour was the same old thing. My mother buying me clothes from . And then she lost her mind and did the ultimate. I asked her for Adidas and she bought me Zips. I said, "Mom, what are you doing, you're ruining my rep". She said, "You're only sixteen, you don't have a rep yet". I said, "Mom, let's put these clothes back, please". She said "no, you go to school to learn not for a fashion show". I said, "This isn't Sha Na Na, come on Mom, I'm not Bowzer. Mom, please put back the bell-bottom Brady Bunch trousers. But if you don't want to I can live with that but. You gotta put back the double-knit reversible slacks". She wasn't moved - everything stayed the same. Inevitably the first day of school came. I thought I could get over, I tried to play sick. But my mom said, "No, no way, uh-uh, forget it". There was nothing I could do, I tried to relax. I got dressed up in those ancient artifacts. And when I walked into school, it was just as I thought. The kids were cracking up laughing at the clothes Mom bought. And those who weren't laughing still had a ball. Because they were pointing and whispering. As I walked down the hall. I got home and told my Mom how my day went. She said, "If they were laughing you don't need them,. cause they're not good friends". For the next six hours I tried to explain to my Mom. That I was gonna have to go through this about  more times. So to you all the kids all across the land. There's no need to argue. Parents just don't understand. Oh-kay, here's the situation. My parents went away on a week's vacation and. They left the keys to the brand new Porsche. Would they mind?. Umm, well, of course not. I'll just take it for a little spin. And maybe show it off to a couple of friends. I'll just cruise it around the neighborhood. Well, maybe I shouldn't. Yeah, of course I should. Pay attention, here's the thick of the plot. I pulled up to the corner at the end of my block. That's when I saw this beautiful girlie girl walking. I picked up my car phone to perpetrate like I was talking. You should've seen this girl's bodily dimensions. I honked my horn just to get her attention. She said, "Was that for me?". I said, "Yeah". She said, "Why?". I said, "Come on and take a ride with a helluva guy". She said, "How do I know you're not sick?. You could be some deranged lunatic". I said, "C'mon toots - my name is the Prince =. Beside, would a lunatic have a Porsche like this?". She agreed and we were on our way. She was looking very good and so was I, I must say - word. We hit McDonald's, pulled into the drive. We ordered two Big Macs and two large fries with Cokes. She kicked her shoes off onto the floor. She said, "Drive fast, speed turns me on". She put her hand on my knee, I put my foot on the gas. We almost got whiplash, I took off so fast. The sun roof was open , the music was high. And this girl's hand was steadily moving up my thigh. She had opened up three buttons on her shirt so far. I guess that's why I didn't notice that police car. We're doing ninety in my Mom's new Porsche. And to make this long story short - short. When the cop pulled me over I was scared as hell. I said, "I don't have a license but I drive very well, officer". I almost had a heart attack that day. Come to find out the girl was a twelve-year-old runaway. I was arrested, the car was impounded. There was no way for me to avoid being grounded. My parents had to come off from vacation to get me. I'd rather be in jail than to have my father hit me. My parents walked in. I got my grip, I said, "Ah, Mom, Dad, how was your trip?". They didn't speak - I said, "I want to plead my case". But my father just shoved me in the car by my face. That was a hard ride home, I don't know how I survived. They took turns - one would beat me while the other was driving. I can't believe it, I just made a mistake. Well parents are the same no matter time nor place. So to you all the kids all across the land. Take it from me, parents just don't understand. .  girls giggling . Oh Pete Nice?  I'm smoother than him, man I mean. he wears suits and all, you know no disrespect incomprehensible. Yeah right, just a thought . Heavy D yo, the girls they love me.  They love me, I just know it. Yea Positive K?  He's dip dip divin ??. Yeah right. Yeah LL, yo he might keep the girls +Jinglin+ . but yo I'm the man . I'm the man, as a matter of fact. Yo, see they laughin at me man. I'm the man. Yo, that ain't right. Yo, well anyway. By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, gots many plus plenty. String by string, I think I counts like twenty. If you loan me a ear, I'll return it with interest. If not, I'll simply twist the wrist. So listen up closely, with thoughts to recoup me. Cause I hope to gross like ten cent per groupie. Now only if I had two G's per strand. Ask my anchor banker, he understands. I used to wrap my hand around a cold gold can. Someone once said health is wealth, so check self. I gots a perfect check-up, 'cept for a hiccup, roll with no stick-up. How can I keep the goya nectars on my shelf?. Oh boya how I searched for an employer. But before Zeale Huckleberry film was in Tom Sawyer. Now use your imagination, just a smidgen. If I was a bird I'd be a pigeon. Succumb one to crumbs and pizza crust, when every fella can. eat fresh fish and live fat like pelican. Then again, that's only if your capable for freckles. or blue eyes -- I settle for Heckle'n'Jeckle. while I chuckle at my man with the cellular phone. The only phone I own's a funky xylophone's tone. Ain't no joint in, annoyin high-pitched ringin. We do the tap twist and twitch bringin. through soul and this cordless thingamajig. Sure as Onyx's clippers etch a clue to your wig. We'll do the gig so make your mind ??. The pipe, the bowl or us fiddlers, don't riddle us. I'll even ride a bus to the coast if clear. For okay pay, I'll say ??. Now all this runnin round's kickin me right in the rear. And still I'm judged by the hairs on my chinny chin chin. And I'm able to hit a skin . just like my man Puba Maxwell, so I'm smooth. Yeah, candy get the job done but yo, I take care of business. {Peachfuzz} Now what's up with this peachfuzz nonsense?. {Peachfuzz} What are y'all talkin about this peachfuzz?. {Peachfuzz} Nah, I just got one thing to say. {Peachfuzz} Ahh man. By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, six black hairs. String by string, I think I counts five pairs. That's a little, but still, can I get a thumbs up?. At least for the peachfuzz that sums up. a tidbit, yeah that's it, but who gives a sugar. honey iced tea besides me. For if, I ever riff, yet and still, ? windmills. So I take time just to kill. I say cute is for a bear, teddy bear like Teddy Ruxpin. Would I be handsome if I pimped in a tux then. smoked a cigar with some black chinese shoes then. picked up some friends in my Benz and start cruisin. Huh, that's a dream that I ain't even livin. If that makes a man, surely I'll recommend. I'll stay a toy boy eatin Butterfingers. With Knowledge of Self, and colorin books on my shelf. I wanna grow up, cause maybe if I did then. I wouldn't be treated like a Toys'R'Us kid when. they counts ten upon my chin. By the hairs of my peachfuzz, let's say each was. an inch, psych because I can't pull or pinch. It's a wrench, and I thought life would be a cinch. But anyway, anyhow, let's talk about someway somehow. that I can make my peachfuzz grow out. Really, do I need beard that grows with no pores. just to be respected and resemble Santa Claus?. Hear this clear, I'm a MAN I tell ya. No dreams or drugs like the slugs will I ever sell ya. A man I am, in the body of a youth. So don't play me like I'm Born Uni Truth Truth. So when I knock at your hearts, let me in. And judge me not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin. Yeah, that's what we call, pimpin presence yo. Call me tonight, knowhatI'msayin? .  You got it. Yeah, you know I eat no pork. So why can't I be as smooth as my man Dr York?.  I see none. Yo I'm smoother than the bottom of Hammer's shoes. after three hundred spins. No love here. No hair on my chest, but my boy Ak West, I'm just smoother. I'm just smoother. Yeah right. I'm definitely smoother than y'all just saw. It's about time. I'm sayin, yo but, I don't want to hear. {Peachfuzz} none of this peachfuzz nonsense. {Peachfuzz}  Peachfuzz. {Peachfuzz} You know. {Peachfuzz}  girls giggling . {Peachfuzz} He's a little boy. {Peachfuzz}  giggling . {Peachfuzz}. {Peachfuzz}  laughing . {Peachfuzz}. {Peachfuzz}. {Peachfuzz}. {Peachfuzz}   fades . . Uh. Uhh. I don't think they ready for this. Another Timbaland master piece. Uh. I dont think they ready.   Timbaland. Uh, Timbaland the funky beat maka. I can rock the US and all of Jamaica. I can make you dance, and shake your butt, and wiggle. When it's hot outside I eat popsicles. Check it, do you want to get freaky tonight?. I'm throwin a house party and the stars at night. All the ladies gonna be there in they tight skirts. I'm gonna mingle a little and start to flirt. Baby, don't get an attitude. Or I have to throw your silly ass in the pool. I ain't got no time for the silly game. Timb and Maganoo, I got all the game. Now that you are peepin my style. My kind of style. That make you buck wild. Throw your hands up in the sky. Pass me something so we all get high. Now that you are peepin my style. My kind of style. That make you buck wild. Throw your hands up in the sky. Pass me something so we all get high.   Timbaland. Check it, let's take it to another level. One of my fantasies, it is love in pebble. I want to take her on a cruise around the block. And make her say "Don't stop the body rock". I want to take her on a cruise around the block. And make her say "Don't stop the body rock". I want to take her on a cruise around the block. And make her say "Don't stop the body rock". Check it, now I'm back to my basic rhythme. Check out ill ass flow I'm about to give him. I'm a make him dance and make em shake they ass. But not to slow and not to fast. Timbaland ain't got nuthin to prove. I done did five years and pay my due. I got my mine Big E and Big Rodney. Coming strong like the freaky freaky freaky on me. I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast. But I got baking me some of that good french toast. Let me take it to another level, I'm the host. As I can get freaky, fre-freaky-fre-freaky . Ooooooh.  . Da-da-da-da-dah . Da-da-da-da-dah . Da-da-da-da-dah. Da-da. Da-da. Da-da. Dah. Da-da-da-da-dah . Da-da-da-da-dah . Da-da-da-da-dah . Repeat. I said----. I flippin' on all y'all like dat. Know what I'm sayin. Now I got to be out. Two s. The first  repeats itself. Now dat, now dat you are peepin my style. Check it.  . . Yeah, AOTP, come on. Underground legendsyeh. Yeah Army Of The motherfuckin' Pharaohs. What I'm sayin', independent,. Warriors takin' over the game. What I'm sayin' it's time for y'all to lay down. and I'm sayin' we back, it been to long. What I'm sayin', the deer hunter's here. Ain't no need to know my ethno, cause worldwide is where my respect go. My flow is multi-spectral, like I'm space based on LSD in trance state dancin' techno. Tellin' y'all haters to let go. It's enough beef but we vegetarian observe the spiritual laws. Purify ya channels and clearly hate ya flaws. So I wouldn't have to convince you that you wack and shouldn't be here at all. Kamachi's this and that I hear it all,. I see you run from ya squad screamin' I wasn't even there wit y'all. I start wars with the tongue like it's a lesbian alm. Talk with that Thesbian charm,. And you can let ya stereos amp this. It's the old english, pamphlets of a hoodlum Hamlet. Under literary FBI cameras scanned it daddy. . Don't let ya life be the aim of pure misery. Don't let this night keep ya frame on floors shivering. This pain and strife can no longer exist to me. Don't be the cause of an unsolved mystery. . I'm an assault author, shockin' volts mixed wid water. Disturbin' the law and order when I'm ballin' for the future. We them better kids, rap flows throughout my heritage. And let it live you reppin' shit where's the evidence. All I see and hear is poison in my ears. I kill a track, choke slam the snare,. And let the sample live another day. Save it for another chase hunt it down wid my brothers Outerspace. Tried once but my career's built off anger. I'm bout to leave these raps alone and load bangers. It's just the words from a slave rapper. Tryna bring the game back talkin' to the same master. I'm takin' a stand, my shit expands beyond makin' a band. That talks and storms upon forsaken lands. So when approachin' bring your best shit wit you. When I break it down you can take the rest wit you word. Yeh this is bars of death, we merkin' everybody God is next. Vicious raw literatures pure as Ghandi's flesh. Bomb to the chest, let ya breath cave in. A heart attack to bring the horror back Wes Craven. It make no sense waitin', the team risen. Like Pakistan and India liberated by Britain,. We got rid of dead weight the vision's sharp and cleaner. Like the assassination attempt of Da Cartagena. We like a zombie feature, cause it ain't nothin' sweet. And it ain't nobody that's fuckin' wid us on the street. We reinventin' the wheel cousin the cycle dead. We push the rock and we bark like we Michael Red. I gave you life instead, gave you rice and bread. I think it's time that I separate the disciple head,. That's probably the only thing that can calm me. Vinnie Pazzienza it's the motherfuckin' Army. . Here we do it like  and  and  and to the . R and to the O to the C's at the doe. Cruisin make a move get clapped on us. So So def that's wassup. So give me the microphone first.  cuz I know what the hell I'm bout. I'm down in the dirty C/L and out. Thrown my roof in my trunk when I'm bellin out. Get it crunk . When I'm yellin out. Weavin oas and plushed out peice. Crushes out the parts, TV's and Cars. I rock blockedindal and black crockadile. I got so much style. Sittin Confy , I know that evry chick wants me. Deep dish, Six body wider than the humbee. Slump Chumps,leave em numbered in the junkee. Chain so chunkie I'm funkee. I don't know about ya ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready. I'm the ROC. dippin leanin meanin. T-I-G-ah crushin up the contendah. I'm lil Weezy to the yippy yo yippy . Hand sdown I don't believe nobody can do nothin wit me. and I don't know about ya'll ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready. Now here's what I'm tryin to do for me. Clap with this little rap killa little hommie. Got all the girls not knowin how to act. I'm so nice here ice so clear. Look at it when I'm up to bat you betta get back. It's all mine you know where I'm from. Eacthaven baby ain't no playin we up in this. For the long run ya'll don't want none. i'm the # most wanted on you Christmas list. I'm Bow Wow to the yippy yo yippy . hands down I don't believ nobody can do nothin wit me. I'm to spiffy. Stay new at the feet. I got all the Suburban nerds and kids from the streets wit me. Crowd around and bare witness. As I do it so real so far I ust gotta be the best. you don't think so, but I know so cuz. Thats the the only way that we know how to get down at the def Oh. . I went from a deal a doe to the first on the block wit some buck gators. Rock them papers. Need I say more . Well holla at me when you see me on the streets . Or its the chocolate don. And where I'm from they put diamonds on fingers and watches on arms. If you lookin for that green then. ______________ got some, so fresh so clean. ya dont want none,I'm sharp as a tack. And if ya happen to miss me dog. Told ya  be back makin them playa hatas say  and I'm still to close . for comfort. And I took one nine like Kishawn Johnson. Who the balla now?. I look forward to every quarter. Convertible shift kit. If she look Imma call her ova to the Chevy dipped in Greenery. I'm  hotter we bustin out the scenery.  . . How here's a little story - I've got to tell. About three bad brothers - you know so well. It started way back in history. With Adrock, MCA, and me - Mike D. Been had a little horsy named Paul Revere. Just me and my horsy and a quart of beer. Riding across the land - kicking up sand. Sheriff's posse on my tail cause I'm in demand. One lonely Beastie I be. All by myself - without nobody. The sun is beating down on my baseball hat. The air is gettin' hot - the beer is getting flat. Lookin' for a girl - I ran into a guy. His name is MCA, I said, "Howdy" - he said, "Hi". He told a little story - that sounded well rehearsed. Four days on the run and that he's dying of thirst. The brew was in my hand - and he was on my tip. His voice was hoarse, his throat was dry - he asked me for a sip. He said, "Can I get some?". I said, "You can't get none". Had a chance to run. He pulled out his shotgun. He was quick on the draw - I thought I'd be dead. He put the gun to my head and this is what he said,. "Now my name is MCA - I've got a license to kill. I think you know what time it is - it's time to get ill. Now what do we have here - an outlaw and his beer. I run this land, you understand - I make myself clear". We stepped into the wind - he had a gun, I had a grin. You think this story's over but it's ready to begin. "Now I got the gun - you got the brew. You got two choices of what you can do. It's not a tough decision as you can see. I can blow you away or you can ride with me" I said, I'll ride with you if . you can get me to the border. The sheriff's after me for what I did to his daughter. I did it like this - I did it like that. I did it with a whiffleball bat. So I'm on the run - the cop's got my gun. And right about now - it's time to have some fun. The King Adrock - that is my name. And I know the fly spot where they got the champagne". We rode for six hours the we hit the spot. The beat was a bumping and the girlies was hot. This dude was staring like he knows who we are. We took the empty spot next to him at the bar. MCA said, "Yo, you know this kid?". I said, "I didn't" - but I know he did. The kid said, "Get ready cause this ain't funny. My name's Mike D and I'm about to get money". Pulled out the jammy - aimed it at the sky. He yelled, "Stick 'em up" - and let two fly. Hands went up and people hit the floor. He wasted two kids that ran for the door. "I'm Mike D and I get respect. Your cash and your jewelry is what I expect". MCA was with it and he's my ace. So I grabbed the piano player and I punched him in the face. The piano player's out - the music stopped. His boy had beef - and he got dropped. Mike D grabbed the money - MCA snatched the gold. I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold. . Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it. Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high, hands up high, hands up high. Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood. I'm talking 'bout dark room, perfume. Go, go. I recognize your fragrance . You ain't never gotta say shit . And I know your taste is. A little bit  high maintenance . Everybody else basic. You live life on an everyday basis. With poetic justice, poetic justice. If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?. I mean write poems in these songs dedicated to you. And you're in the mood for empathy, theres blood in my pen. Better yet when your friends and them. I really wanna know you all. I really wanna show you off. Fuck that, pour up plenty of champagne. Cold nights when you curse this name. You called up your girlfriends and. Y'all curled in that little bitty range I heard that. She wanna go and party, She wanna go and party. Nigga don't approach her with that Atari. Nigga that ain't good game, homie, sorry. They say conversation, rule a nation, I can tell. But I can never right my wrongs. 'less I write it down for real, PS. You can get it, you can get it. You can get it, you can get it. And I know just know just know just know just know just. What you want, Poetic Justice, put it in a song. I really hope you play this. Cause ol' girl you test my patience. With all these seductive photographs and all these one off vacations. You've been taken. Clearly a lot for me to take in. It don't make sense. Young East African Girl, you too busy fucking with your other man. I was trying to put you on game, put you on a plane. Take you and your mama to the motherland. I could do it, maybe one day. When you figure out you're gonna need someone. When you figure out it's all right here in the city. And you don't run from where we come from. That sound like Poetic Justice, Poetic Justice. You were so new to this life but God damn you got adjusted. I mean I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex. Your natural hair and your soft skin, and your big ass in that sundress . Good God, what you doing that walk for?. When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more. And they say communication saves relations, I can tell. But I can never right my wrongs unless I write them down for real. PS. Every time I write these words they become a taboo. Making sure my punctuation curve. Every letter is true. Living my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof. I'm talking poetic justice, poetic justice. If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?. I mean you need to hear this. Love is not just a verb, It's you looking in the mirror. Love is not just a verb, It's you looking poor maybe. Call me crazy, We can both be insane. A fatal attraction is common. And what we have common is pain. I mean you need to hear this. Love is not just a verb and I can see power steering. Sex drive when you swerve, I want that interference. It's coherent, I can hear it, mmhmm. That's your heartbeat. It either caught me or it called me, mmhmm. Breathe slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines. Sincerely, yours truly. And right before you go blind. PS. . Yeah It's that real this time around. Immortal Technique Revolutionary Vol . It's on now mother fucker. Lock and load. This is the point of no return I could never go back. Life without parol up state shackled and trapped. Living in the hole, lookin' at the world through a crack. But fuck that, I'd rather shoot it out and get clapped. I've gone too far, there ain't no coming back for me. Auschwitz gas chamber full of Zyklon-B. Just like the spanish exterminating Tynos. Raping the black and Indian women, creating Latinos. Mother fuckers made me out of self richeous hatered. And you got yourself a virus, stuck in the Matrix. A suicide bomer strapped and ready to blow. Lethal injection strapped down ready to go. Don't you understand they'll never let me live out in peace. Concreate jungle, guerilla war out in the streets. Nat Turner with the sickle pitch fork and machete. The end of the world, mother fucker you not ready. This is the point of no return and nobody can stop it. Malcolm little running up before Elijah Muhammad. The comet that killed the dinosaurs, changin' the Earth. They love to criticize they always say I change for the worse. Like prescription pills when you miss using them nigga. The Templar Kights when they took Jerusalem nigga. And figured out what was buried under Soloman's temple. Al Aksa the name is no coincidental. I know too much to government is trying to murder me. No coming back like cutting your writs open vertically. How could the serpant be purposely put in charge of the country. Genetic engineered sickness spread amongst me. My people are so hungry that they attack without reason. Like a fuckin' dog ripping off the hand that feeds him. Immortal Technique is treason to the patriot act. So come and get me mother fucker cause I'm not coming back. This is the point from which I could never return. And if I back down now then forever I burn. This is the point from which I could never retreat. Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace. This is the point from which I will die and succeed. Living the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed. From now on it can never be the same as before. Cause the place I'm from doesn't exist anymore. This is the point of no return nigga you better believe this. Mary Magdalen giving birth to the children of Jesus. The evolution of the world, bloody and dramatic. Human beings killing monkeys to conquer the planet. The kingdoms of Africa and Mesopotamia. Machine gunnin' your body with depleated uranium. This is the age of micro chips and titanium. The dark side of the moon and contact with aliens. I started out like Australians, criminal minded. Broke into hell, tore it down, and built and city behind it. Southpaw, murderous, methodology nigga. Remember that I'm just a man don't follow me nigga. Cause once you past the point you can never go home. You've got to face the possibility of dying alone. So tell me mother fucker, how could you die for the throne?. When you don't even got the fuckin' heart to die for your own. It rains acid, one day the earth will cry from a stone. And you'll be lookin' at the world livin' inside of a dome. Comperized humanity living inside of a clone. This is the place where the unknown is living and real. Worm went to planet X and the seventh seal. Universal truth is not measure in mass appeal. This is the last time that I kneel and pray to the sky. Cause almost everything that I was always ever told was a lie. This is the point from which I could never return. And if I back down now then forever I burn. This is the point from which I could never retreat. Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace. This is the point from which I will die and succeed. Living the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed. From now on it can never be the same as before. Cause the place I'm from doesn't exist anymore. . It's  AM time for a poisima, . life at incent, sit on the toiletsump. The Rossi got me smellin like I'm dead inside . I'm stankin up the bathroom wit nuttin' to hide . I gotta go, flush the cumode, k , . threw on the same damn clothes I woreyesterday. Me got some niggaz come down from outta town see. They want to meet me half way at the Nut Tree. But I'm starvin' so I'm Chargin'. - for the Margerine, A- Yola tightly packed, . - for the coochierack. Strike to the spot ride witta, my nine milameter bereta. The broad that be holdin' my D she love me, . long as I keep dickin her down properly. Sittin low in my cut not like a failure, . in front of baby's house. straight talkin on a cellular. Bring me out a unit, a birdie, a cake, . with the gypsyness before it's too late. Penitentury time drastic, here she come with a Kilo in a baby basket. Gotta play your cards right, game tight, . can't be slippin in the 's, damn right.         - . 	   Outsmart the Po Po, . 	   known to the marks as the don't knows, . 	   you gotta . I wear street clothes . pants be saggin', I'm not bootsee . and I don't drive a dope wagon. Huh, Got a grip and I don't be braggin, . can't be laggin', gotta keep stackin' . I keeps me a strap in case ah, I gots to shoot a simp in his face ah,. It's better to be got with then without, . Jealous muthafuckas would love it if they heard  that I was tweakin' out. Seniors in the summertime, ralleys in the winter . Ridin' with a light skinned big booty tender. Harass them muthafuckas on gold shoes,. tryin' to put a stop on my revenues. The Po Po I dislike em  . Crooked ass cops will make you vital. But you know that I know the Po Po . would love for a nigga to even attempt to act black  . That's why you gotta-. . It's Saturday night and to the night club. I got the Tanqueray, juice, and the Green Bud. Tacked on the freeway doin' fifty ya'll, . a brand new thang lookin nifty ya'll. I open the juice and then I take some swallows  . And the muthafuckin Gin to the same bottle . Roll me a splift and put the ounce in the back  . I keep it the trunk right next to the Gat . Po Po jacked but can't fuck with me . an open juice bottle and a little ol' doobie . Cops better kiss my ass for a nigga like Legitament to blast. . -, -, - . Yeah mothafucker, you know who it is. Ol' Dirty Bastard aka Dirt McGirt. Killin' anything that moves {x}. You know what time it is. Neptunes mothafucker The Neptunes. Yo -, - . Plug it up, cocaine make ya speakers blow. Party amps gettin' sniffed up now wit it too. When there's somethin' in my camp, a wireless amp. High as a ramp, speak to Wu like stamp. The wet got me damp, pussy darker than lamp. Moses you don't wanna 'ttempt, I see all fans. I'm too drunk too, now you like "Move". Coked out in Peru, in hair/here like shampoo. Small like snubs, camera to you scrubs. Kinda like stubs, confidential at the club. Sniff buds like Rule, I fast Ghost like Wu. Get CREAM like tube, burn ya fast food. Appeared in rude, we'll take ya panties off nude. Yes and renewed, big guns and clued. Bitch I'm loose like Lugz, Dirty to the litter bug. Girls you like hugs? I don't like thugs. Pop shit, bitch what's wrong?. Pop shit, nigga what's wrong?.  OOH.  OOH.  SUED.  YOU. Aiyo all this shit is from the ghetto. Smoke Palmetto, sing like Peno. Carry the Heathrows, scared of police though. They tried to kill O in prison yo. Had me turned out, drunk is all about. I got this money pourin' out the stout. I'm a loud mouth, drunk party is out. Play this music on every route. Follow Dirty, I'm the WhiteOut. Catch bitches like trout, get drunk, won't stop. I'm gettin' this money, called gettin' honey. Streets of Brooklyn and ain't a damn thing funny. Have a day sunny, bitches put me in ya tummy. I'm the nigga on the cross burnin' about . Go me a bunny lookin' good and funny. All you niggaz, is straight crash dummies. I was checkin' out my melody before The Blueprint. Felony, a nuisance, huggin' me and my two cents. Don't double the six takes, never did a mixtape. But rather a chick take but waste any weather we get cake. I let rats have it, fuck these rap faggots. Everybody want the kid dead like Pat Garrett. I'm a goon, speak with a mellow tone. Rock yellow stones, gun longer than a broom. Cuz felon on the ride is long due and soon. Out again like boom, government comin' soon. Anything less is uncivilized like it tastes mad. I'm a shoot a youth's Sajak, cooler than a mayback. Arubu known to collect, twistin' up that haze black. And Backwood on that, hoodrat, I stay strapped. PP, don't carry that weight. Nigga redhead, fuck with chicks if their head straight. Yeah you know what time it is. It's that new shit. Dirt McGirt, Neptunes. . Oooh, baby, what's up, what's up?. I got something you want. Meet me around the corner in five minutes. Make sure you got  dollars. You can bring a couple friends. Make sure they got some dough, though. Word up, big money, big bucks, big bucks. What's up? Oooh. I may be paranoid, but I won't avoid. Deal with the real, through all the pressures. Hoping we survive, these desperate measures. I press rewind, to remind me of the crimes. Unanswered schemes, filled us with false dreams. Thought I had a full deck, you had the other half. All boxed in, took me on a higher path. Couldn't find my way so I simply did the math. Freed my mind, with a little paragraph. Some are stuck on stupid, and can't grasp. I'm built for this task, so why should you ask. If I'm freeing minds, then you know I do the time. Let's take it back like Garvey, revolution like Marley. Operation tell the truth, with the right moves. Yes I'm acting rude, but we got points to prove. Creator of white lies, perversion of spies. Makes me use my third eye, disguise suicide. Disguise suicide. Population's being prostituted . Tell me who, who constituted . Master plan, will take effect . Will it be, they knock off next?. Along for the ride, what's your thoughts on genocide. Can we maintain, or will you go against the grain?. All that remains, is your blood stains. Don't label me weird, I'm not the one to fear. Let's step it up in gear, the new pimp this year. Definition of heartache, when your mind can't think straight. The misguided fools, find they ways through the rules. Who created stakes, without them being high. And who can you trust when you trying to save. You get up in the morning, to start your daily trick. They all pray on the rich, then do stupid shit. The one who's paying, and controlling the cash flow. Anything to get you stepping on each other's toes. It doesn't take a genius to watch and do the knowledge. If they control it, then they can surely stop it. Mama's tricking for they welfare cheddar. Life's gotta get better, can you live with it?. Without them in your business, and can you live without it. Without being bout it, without being bout it. It's in my nature to know the edge. Not to mislead or be misled. Some call me a teacher, attraction I feature. It has to make sense, keeping heads in suspense. Or suspension, advantage from a distance. What you are missing, I'm the link let's connect. Like sexual contact, but relax, it's on wax. One way out, back to back. Let's review the fundamentals, don't forget about potentials. Like my reflected credentials, I'm detrimental. Knowledge your wisdom, so she can understand. The purest form of man, realize the master plan. This is my gift, I spread to uplift. Never to be erased, but to be embraced. Here to replace, just a little taste. Open wide, we co-incide, like electric slide. Catching nations by suprise, Makeba's on the rise. I'm the one to survive, I'm the one to survive. . "Presidents to represent me" --> Nas		"Get money". "I'm out for presidents to represent me"	"Get money". "I'm out for presidents to represent me"	"Get money". "I'm out for dead fuckin presidents to represent me ". Rock on, Roc-A-Fella y'all. The saga continues. Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch leathers. Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous all the et ceteras. To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine. You feel the ambiance, y'all niggaz just rhyme. By the ounce dough accumulates like snow. We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show; you feel me?. Factions from the other side would love to kill me. Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat. Fuck em, we hate a nigga lovin this life. In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin my life. Hospital days, reflectin when my man laid up. On the Uptown high block he got his side sprayed up. I saw his life slippin, this is a minor set back. Yo, still in all we livin, just dream about the get back. That made him smile though his eyes said, "Pray for me". I'll do you one better and slay these niggaz faithfully. Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process. and I ain't got nothin but time. I had near brushes, not to mention three shots. close range, never touched me, divine intervention. Can't stop I, from drinkin Mai-Tai's, with Ta Ta. Down in Nevada, ha ha, Poppa, word life. I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight. Potnah, I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight what?. . Geyeah, know what? I'll make. you and your wack mans fold like bad hands. Roll like Monopoly, ad-vance you copy me. like white crystals, I gross the most. at the end of the fiscal year than these niggaz can wish to. The dead presidential, canidate. with the sprinkles and the presidental, ice that'll offend you. In due time when crime fleas my mind. All sneak thieves and playa haters can shine. But until then I keep the trillion cut diamonds shinin brilliant. I'll tell you half the story, the rest you fill it in. Long as the villian win. I spend Japan yen, attend major events. Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin. J-A-Y hyphen, controllin, manipulatin. I got a good life man, pounds and pence. Nuff dollars make sense, while you ride the bench. Catch me swinging for the fence. Dead Presidents, ya know. . Uh-huh, yeah, uh-huh, so be it. The Soviet, The Unified Steady Flow. You already know, you light I'm heavy roll, heavy dough. Mic macheted your flow, your paper falls slow. like confetti, mines a steady grow, bet he glow. Pay five dead it from blow, better believe I have. eleven sixty to show, my doe flip like Tae-Kwon. Jay-Z The Icon, baby, you like Dom, maybe this Cristal's. to change your life huh, roll with the winners. Heavy spenders like hit records Roc-A-Fella. Don't get it corrected this shit is perfected . from chips to chicks just drivin a Lexus. Make it without your gun, we takin everything you brung. We cake and you niggaz is fake and we gettin it done. Crime Family, well connected Jay-Z. And you fake thugs is Unplugged like MTV. I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure. Dead presidentials, politics as usual. Bla-ouw. "Dead fuckin presidents to represent me ". "Dead fuckin presidents to represent me ". "Dead fuckin presidents to represent me ". "Dead fuckin presidents to represent me ".  . .  this version of the song is final, no more corrections are being accepted.  the actual album version is edited, but the curses have been added back in. So whassup man?.         Coolin man. Chillin chillin?. Yo you know I had to call, you know why right?.         Why?. Because, yo, I never ever call and ask, you to play somethin right?.         Yeah. You know what I wanna hear right?.         Whatchu wanna hear?. I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint.         Wu-Tang again?. Ahh yeah, again and again. sounds of fighting.        de Inspector Deck. I smoke on the mic like smokin Joe Frazier. The hell raiser, raisin hell with the flavor. Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan. Swingin through your town like your neighborhood Spiderman. So uhh, tic toc and keep tickin. While I get ya flippin off the shit I'm kickin. The Lone Ranger, code red, danger. Deep in the dark with the art to rip charts apart. The vandal, too hot to handle. Ya battle, you're sayin Goodbye like Tevin Campbell. Roughneck, Inspector Deck's on the set. The rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal. The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back relax won't smile. Rae got it goin on pal, call me the rap assassinator. Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger. And I'ma get mad deep like a threat, blow up your project. Then take all your assets. Cause I came to shake the frame in half . With the thoughts that bomb, shit like math. So if ya wanna try to flip go flip on the next man. Cause I grab the clip and. Hit ya with sixteen shots and more I got. Goin to war with the meltin pot hot. It's the Method Man for short Mr Meth. Movin on your left, aah. And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat. I wanna break full, cock me back. Small change, they puttin shame in the game. I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame. And like Fame, my style'll live forever. Niggaz crossin over, but they don't know no better. But I do, true, can I get a "sue". Nuff respect due to the one-six-ooh. I mean ohh, yo check out the flow. like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin. Niggaz off because I'm hot like sauce. The smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me cough. Ooh, what, grab my nut get screwed. Oww, here comes my Shaolin style. Sloop-B and my b-boy's U. to my crew with the "suuue".         interlude. watch ya step kid . First things first man you're fuckin with the worst. I'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse. I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack. Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack. Shame on you when you stepped through to. The Ol Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo. And I'll be damned if I let any man. Come to my center, you enter, the winter. Straight up and down that shit packed jam. You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him man. The Ol Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin. Ason, Unique rollin with the night of the creeps. Niggaz be rollin with a stash . ain't sayin cash, bite my style I'll bite your motherfuckin ass. For cryin out loud my style is wild so book me. Not long is how long that this rhyme took me. Ejectin, styles from my lethal weapon. My pen that rocks from here to Oregon. Here's Mordigan, catch it like a psycho flashback. I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back. I come with shit that's all types of shapes and sounds. And where I lounge is my stompin grounds. I give a order to my peeps across the water. To go and snatch up props all around the border. And get far like a shootin star. Cause who I are, is dim in the light of Pablo Escobar. Point blank as I kick the square biz . There it is you're fuckin with pros and there it goes. Yo chill with the feedback black we don't need that. It's ten o'clock hoe, where the fuck's your seed at. Feelin mad hostile, ran the apostle. Flowin like Christ when I speaks the gospel. Stroll with the holy roll then attack the globe with the buckus style. the ruckus, ten times ten men committin mad sin. Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin chin. Slayin boom-bangs like African drums . Comin around the mountain when I come. Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment. My clan increase like black unemployment. Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius. Take us the fuck outta here. The Wu is too slammin for these Cold Killin labels. Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel. Be doin artists in like Cain did Abel . Now they money's gettin stuck to the gum under the table. That's what ya get when ya misuse what I invent. Your empire falls and ya lose every cent. For tryin to blow up a scrub. Now that thought was just as bright as a -watt light bulb. Should of pumped it when I rocked it. Niggaz so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets. This goes on in some companies. With majors they're scared to death to pump these. First of all, who's your A&R. A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar. But he don't know the meaning of dope. When he's lookin for a suit and tie rap. that's cleaner than a bar of soap. And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight. Matter of fact bring out the girls and let's have a mud fight. sounds of fighting. . yeah, haha. turn the lights on, party's over motherfuckers. celph titled the ammunition magician. the esoterrorist. its the army of the pharaohs for real for real. back with the kill death murder. you better check your computers. I won't ever cheat on my bitch. but I'll still sleep with a luger. you can see my reflection in the chrome it stays blazin'. I guess my gangsta's all smoke and mirrors. kidnap you in the basement with hatchets and cleavers. so every time after that you hearin the wu tang torture skit. and you havin a seizure. fuck your street cred I'll turn your street red. or skin the head of a skinhead. Celph Titled and ES raisin' hell without Pinhead. its been said the pharaohs immortalize rhymes. We keep heist plans in a trapper keeper that's organized crime. you might arrive in a stretch limo tinted out. but you'll leave on a stretcher linen with no mouth. neck broken and ribs stickin out. We the gorillas, this the season of Ichi The Killer. you're cd is filler so we beef like manilla. my sneakers, peach and vanilla. call me michael jordan, while recordin. slide a sword inside your organs. speak from the pillars. how real is ES for that scrilla?. I build with godzilla's militant. flotillas that believe in shootin first like reggie miller. the illest of all sorts, we spit that fire motherfucker. to leave you lookin like dude on the "Legacy of Blood" cover. soldier's stand up [UP]. ready the artillery. SALUTE your comrade. eliminate the enemy. fire in the hole [hole]. we lettin our grenades [blow]. It's like we pull the pins out every time we pull our pens out. by now you should know theres no fuckin around. its the army and its goin down. we came to take it all. and there ain't no stoppin when the candles start poppin'. I wish a motherfucker would yap their lips. cause when I rap a loaded clip. either way that you look at it. a mack's about to spit. crack houses, i'm out with. real killas not rappers. who keep pumps on our lap like we inflicted with asthma. addicted to disaster, every last bullet, I ain't savin none. can't say hi to my neighbors cause I might wave a gun. aim at the sun and you can shoot for the stars. put on your beat and we'll turn it off. won't even let it loop for a bar. we known to give your head an obstruction. preach death and destruction. cop diesel when I cock the eagle. and thats not for nothin. my shots always hit their target after the smoke sprays. cause we store bullets in cat shelters so theres no strays. we sinkin arrows through your mink and pink apparel. the pharaoh, king of the battle, on the brink of insanity. frantically I spray the ink out the barrel. the way you're thinkin is narrow. we break your bones baby drinkin' the marrow. These psychics blink at my tarot.  That's hilarious. you rollin up in chariots and leave in wheel-barrows. I'll have you wrapped in plastic. just like the food in fruit baskets. I'll have your crew in suit jackets. all sad when viewing the casket. Now they pursue and attack us. to rep for you and get back at me. but I'm rollin with the army. Motherfucker, you can ask for me. and even when I'm outnumbered. I shut 'em down like Teddy Bruschi. and I proved it in the past. so don't you fuck around. call me stupendous, with sentences pen a genesis. chemist with seven venomous menaces on your premesis. we write the torture papes orchestrate ways to slaughter fakes. formulate tapes and tour the states, I can ride with norman bates. soldier's stand up [UP]. ready the artillery. SALUTE your comrade. eliminate the enemy. fire in the hole [hole]. we lettin our grenades [blow]. its like we pull the pins out every time we pull our pens out. by now you should know theres no fuckin around. its the army and its goin down. we came to take it all. and there ain't no stoppin when the candles start poppin'. . "So who the next to get it?". "I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left". Yo, roll the dro and spark, a bunch of animals like Noah's Ark. A rapper so ill, my flow just stole Jehovah's heart. My fist 'll break a fuckin' boulder in half. When I was young, I'd smack a stick off of your shoulder and laugh. I've chosen a path, spoke on my emotional past. Spoke on everything from war to how the ocean is vast. My flow is too fast, you can't contend with me there. Or it's gonna be a massacre, Tiananmen Square. My pen is prepared, and so the guns and the swords. And death the only thing you get for fuckin' with lords. Been stuck in some wars, but Vinnie fought his way out. The double jab, right cross what they caught in they mouth. I'm callin' 'em out, anyone who fuck wit my fam'. Thinkin' that they got away and they was lucky, then blam. Buck 'em and scram, don't use the shotty no more. They didn't think that Vinnie P was catchin' bodies no more. "So who the next to get it?". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left". "Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it". "So who the next to get it?". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left". "Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it". Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is death and doom, my occupation puttin' flesh in tombs. Whether or not you shot, the aggression looms. I'm the one that speak the language of fate. I'm the one that speak the language and the anguish of hate. My banger is great, it split the top of your dome. Like the book of Revelations for the prophets in Rome. I'm locked in the throne, whether you like it or not. 'Cause I'm chemically the reason liquid nitrogen hot. I'm nice with the glock, nicer with the semi's and Tec's. But I'm nicest when I'm clappin' at my enemies neck's. They tend to regret ever sendin' me threats. 'Cause they know the only thing that they could send me is checks. "So who the next to get it?". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left". "Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it". "So who the next to get it?". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left". "Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it". Yeah, I'm like Mark David Chapman with a Salinger book. Stalk my enemy and let the fuckin' silencer cook. It's down in the book, that my competitors ain't really ready. The way my four pound turn your stomach to spaghetti. It's like the Serengeti, because it's hot here. The way that policia set it on the block here. They pushin' rocks here, in the dead of night. I take my glock and I point god/point guard like Brevin Knight. Your fuckin' men are mice, you shouldn't answer that. If my father was still alive, he wouldn't stand for that. He wouldn't stand for how you act like a bitch. Wouldn't stand for anybody who a rat or a snitch. I'm back in this bitch, we was gone for a while. 'Til a shorty told me that he heard my song and he smiled. I'm strong but I'm wild, they say I drink too much. The only problem that I have is that I think too much, pussy. "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". "You ain't gotta go to church to get to know your God". .   [Jurrasic  Together].   Ayo my quality control, captivates your party patrol.   Your mind, body, and soul.   For whom the bell tolls, let the rhythm explode.   Big, bad, and bold b-boys of old.   Many styles we hold, let the story be told.   Whether platinum or gold, we use breath control.   So let the beat unfold,  on drum roll.   We be the Lik like E, Tash, and J-Ro.   We harass niggas like we was the po-po.   We can rule the world without Kurtis and still Blow.   Finesse, from SP to Casio.   Your jams ain't def, you ain't fresh, you're so-so.   If you don't know us by now you'll never know.   You set that mood when we groove and prove a show.   The name of the game is survive and prove your flow.   You can't out take Jurassic syllable.   Cause it's survival of professional radio.   Stop and comprehend and heed the words of my pen.   Survival of professional poetical Highlanders.  Oh, am I. Zaakir's the name, the AKA super. The verbal acupunture from the dope old schooler. I used to be the brother for others that used to dumb on. Now they be the lovers of brothers that can't front on. Put me in the mix, LP -inch. SP, the elegant, poetic pestulence. I'm carbonated, the Fanti-confederated. Highly commemorated, and the most celebrated. For connecting it  Like verb subject to the predicate. Plus I got the etiquette. To keep it moving, and showing cats how it's done. Cause it's the verbal combat, position number one. We keep it beaming like a beacon, if it's clearance that you're seeking. Whether black or Puerto Rican, people back us when we're speaking. We got the kind of rhymes that get you ready for the weekend. . Our temperature is freezing all kind of different regions. The rhythm is the reason you're checking for what we've done. Please son, our thesis, will rip your crew in pieces. Your rhymes ain't right, homeboy, you ain't in season.   [Jurrasic  Together].   Ayo my quality control, captivates your party patrol.   Your mind, body, and soul.   For whom the bell tolls, let the rhythm explode.   Big, bad, and bold b-boys of old. Yo, yo, well it's the angelic man-relic clan repellent. My plan parent manuscripts withstand bullets. Flashing like a Japan tourist, we command pure hits. While you cramming to understand these contraband lyrics. My fam submits to pray,  times a day. Climbing into your mind with live rhyme display. J finds a way to remain supreme. Coming verbally Hardison as if my name was Kadeem. Ayo my team Dreamworks without Spielberg or spill words. Communicate from the Earth throughout the uni. I transmit, transcipts, transcontinental lyrics. Deeply rooted in your spirit. Up, I love the power of words, nouns and verbs. The pen and the sword, linguistic Art of War. No folklore or myths in my penmanship. The path of Scholar Warriors is what I present, uh. Verbally decapitating those against a. Jihad  words make sense. You gots to get up on your vocab, you gots to have vocab. Letters makes words, and sentences makes paragraphs. Yo, I make the pen capsize, the verbal with the planted eyes. Planning knives ever pair that I utilize. Spit juice, crack blood from your tooth. Inflict truths, speak Allah's  attributes. You baby MC's drink Pedialyte. While underground doesn't like you, the media might. But we the defeat will change that. As we  gaps in this lyrical grudge match, brothers we slug back. Yeah, we bless tracks with the help of a raw rap. Inprinted like poor tracks all over your brain rack. My mental maneuver will clear and steer right through ya. We Grand like Puba, understand that we move ya. Ayo, my rhythm reveal rollercoaster real deal. Revolutionize with active build. I plant my dreams in the field and wait to harvest my skills. For the starving MC, hungry trying to get a meal.   [Jurrasic  Together].   Ayo my quality control, captivates your party patrol.   Your mind, body, and soul.   For whom the bell tolls, let the rhythm explode.   Big, bad, and bold b-boys of old. . Uhh. Uhh, yeah. Won't stop niggaz. 	"Somehow the rap game remind me of the crack game" --> Nas. Jigga  Feel me. People, told ya motherfuckers, told ya. 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast. Uhh, Roc-a-Fella. Geyeah. We treat this rap shit just like, handlin weight. What they want we give it to em, what they abandon we take. Hit a rapper with consignment, let him know it's at stake. Put his ass in the studio, let him cook up a cake. When it's hot, get on my money spot in every state. Like the wiz in Camelot, the mom-and-pop's is the gate. But first we scope shit, advertise in every area. Let the fiends know hey, we got some dope shit. Gon' need a middle man, so we look to radio. Let em test the product, give em a promo show. Just a breeze, not enough to catch a real vibe. Then we drop a maxi single and charge em two for five. Ain't tryin to, kill em at first just, buildin clientele. So when the album drops the first weeks it's on sale. But when demand grows it's time to expand yo. You don't want no garbage papi it's ten grand per blow, fo' sho'. 	"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game" --> Nas. 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast. . Ge-ge-geyeah. I got that uncut raw to make a fiend's body jerk. Got your whole block now, pumpin my work. My CD's is like keys for you Willie's who. like to floss my cassette tapes in sixty-two's. And my singles like gems, you know the treys. Get you high for a while, but the, high don't stay. You need another fix, you better cop these last two bricks. Cause when this shit flip, I'ma get on some other shit. Never pitchin for a label, Jigga's the -up. You know my shit is fish scale, y'all niggaz is cook up. Just blow up, scream my name from Brooklyn to Da-kota. They know my shit stretch without the baking soda. Went from an eighth, to a quarter, to a half a key. Priority's work wasn't right so I switched factories. Now I'm the new nigga, who figured I'd get the game locked. Now watch how the prices of your cocaine drop, ha ha. 	"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game" --> Nas. 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast. . cuts and scratches. . "Gravitas", ha, ha, light it up uhh. Ha, ha, lighten it up, brighten it up, yeah. You want the grown step your bars up. You brag about the scrilla them killers lighten your cars up. Welcome to the complete history, of the one known as, Talib Kweli. Yeah, yeah. Such a blessin, I'm makin the bread leaven. Descendant of Terra Firma, I'm from the era of legend. The blind on my side, you scared of the world endin. My men of spiritual essence be walkin right into heaven. Ascendin without the stairs, expressin without the fears. We diamonds, but our minds are corrupted just like De Beers. Unravellin minds, travellin through time, "Langoliers". Standin with the flow like the man in the gondolier. In the park of Washington Square, locks in my hair. Louder than the bull horns we was lockin 'em there. Cops would prepare to lock us up, they was scared like "Tales From the Darkside". Summer of the Central Park five.  was the number, the year that I started rhymin. From Brooklyn to Staten Island them Decepticons was whylin. Music soothin but the imagery violent as bomb threats. Therapy for the prison industrial complex. Provided the context for Laquan  with a tec-. At Brooklyn Tech I spit it the best so they had to respect mine. I did it to death, on my grind on a +Quest+, to get signed. Sorta like the +Tribe+ would always suggest, we +Check the Rhime+. And I'm turnin with Puff Daddy, confronted the buff patty. Rollin with Hi-Tek in the MPV through the streets of the 'Natti. Before graduatin to Caddies was carryin crates. Shoutout to Flex all day doin records with John Forte. We were standin outside the tower devourin prey. Powerful display of bullet points that we shower and spray. the block with, back in them solid days these rappers was appetizers. I played it like I was David, I was tacklin that Goliath. Attackin them open mics 'til the victory was decisive. This life it was so enticin, my surgery so precise it. would chop it like thin slices at parties we politic. At the country club, lightin up dutches with 'Pac and Big. At the crib of Supernatural battlin back and forth. Back before Jean was in the Unsigned Hype in the back of The Source. Rest in peace to Allah Son, Shabar  was like they don't call you son. Cause you mine; I call you son cause you shine. What's up Ali Asha , this is OG Brooklyn shit. Not for impostors - pour out a shot of vodka. for, Big L  Big Poppa . Big Pun  Pac, what?. Word, the jungle is too savage. Rap true master producin the new classic . Shit is too classic, it's blow to vacant to spinal tap. I started with the Rawkus Recording, we work the vinyl backwards. From Def Jux to Loaded Lux. I'm the +Underground King+, like I'm rollin with Bun, the vets know what's up . The flow is nuts, it's solid, I got the golden touch. Plus my +Iron Sheik+ and I got the game in a cobra clutch . This the highest calibre, do the algebra. From Yasiin Bey to Jean Grey to Pharoahe Monch. Black Thought to Common. Almost  years after the release of "Soundbombing" and it still sounds timeless. I'm out and on tour with the greatest, A Tribe Called Quest and the De La's. Opened for Jay Z and Nas, who else could say this?. In Vegas with Tech Nne gettin faded before the gig. Only later to hit the Rio and hop on the stage with Prince . I always knew the importance of great shows. Since  I seen Ice Cube play cold . Way cold, continue to pave the road. for the Kendricks and J Coles, continue to stay gold. From makin the way for Kanye to meetings with Mr Harry Belafonte. All started on park benches with Dante. Predictin the future, so observant we clairvoyant. The frame can't contain it, I'm paintin a rare portrait {echoes}. . Nah nah nah, fuck that. Don't hold me back, the Funkadelic Devil just snapped. with a rap, that's shittin on the story of Jack Sprat. So put your money where your mouth is, watch Redman house shit. And if it's beef I'll punch you in your mouth kid . I got a heart but my heart is made out of nails. Word to ?Jamel?, my heart pumps nails in my blood rails. I'm not a warrior or Bavarian type of nigga. I'm just quick to smoke your family then fuck your sister. That's what type of shit I'm on, word is bond. Been thinkin about playin that nice guy role ?. Cause every since I was an infrant I was different. Paid no attention to my moms when she ripped it. I was a hardheaded mother-eff, but had to step. cause she hit me with a left, then another left. That's why my brain is out of order. because it just a quarter to manslaughter your little daughter. And do a driveby, fuck that, I walk by and I spray shit. then carve my name in your pavement. I was Rated 'X' but I flexed. I beat up the devil with a shovel so he dropped me a level. Ain't that ill?  That I could just stand and watch a bloodspill. from a known rapper, but now the rapper's no frill. Just because I made a record I'm a star, that's bullshit. What's the flavor ?Tim? . "I'm rated R, this is a warning" --> Rakim. 	"Boy you can't fuck with me" --> Ice Cube. Back to part two of the segment, the Red bend. mics of all types, pour beer out for my dead friends. And if I didn't know ya, to hell witcha punk. and tell the devil I'll be in town for lunch . Got Naughty in my Nature plus I'm down with OPP. The best part about it, I got AIDS, bitch. Psych, I'm only kiddin, only do it to ugly women. cause the pretty one's puss smell like they went fishin. I grab my dick with a tight grip, cause I might flip. . I had a fight with Chuck, the punk motherfuck. tried to stab me in the gut, so I dazed him with a uppercut . Snapped the neck on Michael Myers then I freaked it; cause it was August. and he was talkin this trick or treat shit . Jason my man slangs rocks like up the block. rd and Amsterdam by the smoke shop. Norman Bates work the night shift late. Since he dresses like his momma, I pimp him and his hoecake. Bust a maneuver Freddy Kruger, dreamed about. me havin him scooped, he woke up with his zooks up. That caused me to cut the hands off the man with the chainsaw. Plus I got his brain pickled in a jar. So let's get down with the funk break, cause they tailgate. my rap style, so to cut em off I truncate. And rough em up, tough em up, like bust em up. with the one-two punch, like servin a customer. And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him. Then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from. I know, from me, THE original P-Funk. See ya next LP chump. .  Aiyyo, aiyyo check this out man. Hah, aiyyo hah-hah. Aiyyo aiyyo, hah-hah. Nahnah, aiyyo, aiyyo. Damn. I'm the bomb, ringin off all types alarms. My palms, be swift with the pen like Lynn Swann's. Aggravated assault, against an MC. Beat him down with the mic and all types of pedigrees. It's mad real in Da Bricks, plus I roll thick. You can quote this, I'm the Moby Dick of dopeness. Bitch, walk the walk if you talk the talk. I DK New Jerz, and DK-New York. I don't push a lot of vehicles, but I push a used one. With a tape deck, if it's feasible. Tell the truth, I don't own a Lex Coupe. But I get you souped when I rock respect due. I'sa nice nigga that wanna get diced. Slice the mic device like the body of Christ twice. E Double if you feel me hit me once. . Cause trouble to you family and friends. Let me cut the bullshit, just hand me yo ends. Got caught out there cause you a Mack without . Punch you in your chin. The rucker, bringer, live from Hell, but stay. cooler than a double L. Turn a felony to a misdemeanor. Now the court subpeonaed me to get my act cleaner. Fuck that, still walk out holdin my strap. Blunt, grabbin my weiner. Now first of all I go for broke. Check the third quarter note, I make you feel like your water broke. Can't tell whether male or female. I fucked up your frame well, the monogram can't tell. All aboard my balls, cause my dick don't got a lot of room. for the rest of y'all. Grab on my pubics, let my music take flight. Rock indo and out-do, dick run in and out yo'. bitch, about nine inch up the clit. Can you feel me comin, yeah I usually make em shit. I shines MC's up for auction. So I can sell em on Saturday, Keith put the bat away. Let's lay in the cut, so we can break his whole anatomy down. and turn into an ass-kicking holiday. Word, I rolls with the Funklord. With more flavors than them motherfuckers on. them Benetton billboards. He's bleeding get the gauze. He shoulda knew Def Squad crew is who I kill for. Push the clip in, slide the top back. Make sure it's off safety, in case he wanna counteract. Shit like that get me vexed. So I crack your ass like corn while your bitch crack my Beck's. Hah-hah. One deuce  One deuce. Aiyyo, catch this picture, of me in the mixture. So you won't forget the, black Jack the Ripper. Sorceror offin y'all with techniques. A universal lingo, with the odd speaks. Control more blacks than Harlem week, freak. Smokin that leak at full peak. Peace to Greg Street, and underground radio technique. College radio, no I mack shit like Maceo. Yeah, the East coast West coast dick giver. I oughta be an alkie, the way I hit liver. Deliver, the milk to your door, real raw. Shit you never seen before. So when you come inside, and do the front. Watch the double-pump shotgun and please don't run. Relax your minds, let your concious be free. And get money, and G's and roll these trees. . This is DJ SAYWHAT?? on this motherfucker. Comin to you live from WFDS radio from da Brick City. {continued on "Welcome "}. . Whipping all this dope up in the trap house. We fuck all you bitches at a trap house. I can't trust you hoes, can't give you real addresses. I can't trust you hoes, can't give you real addresses. It don't mean to be like Jerry Stackhouse. I might fall in love with my trap house. I can't trust you hoes, can't give you real addresses. I can't trust you hoes, can't give you real addresses. Whipping all this dope look like I'm selling phony. All that nigga want that Rarri with the bezel on it. I see niggas change from friends into them telling on me. I see niggas go from friends to getting jealous on me. I see niggas call their shooters and their felons one me. I see niggas get religious when their heir was coming. I had to trust the plug sometimes, ain't have no scale up on me. Whip a couple liters now. Trap house got too hot and now I'm trapping out my fiend's house. Had to break the lease tho. And I pay my little nigga just to watch out for police now. Cause it look like a four in my kitchen. It look like I'm cooking with them zoes in my kitchen. I'm water whipping, whipping four with my kitchen. My nigga Trey he pack a four for you niggas. When my grandma kicked me out the house. I said fuck it dawg, I'm bout to bounce. I said fuck it dawg, I gots to make it. I said fuck it". Started hustling and got that six. My nigga Shadow he come with that ladder. I know some scammers that come with that data. Gotta ask em how we pull up in a Lambo. Shout go out to Dream that Bape and Camo. Flexing bitch, I'm in the latest. I put all my baddest bitches in their favorite fragrance. I might fuck a country bitch that got that diner, diner. I might make a movie with em like I'm Damon Wayans, ya feel?. I might whip the four with my kitchen. It look like a nigga selling O's in my kitchen. I'm whipping, my wrist it feel cold in this kitchen. And I'm flipping again, where it goes in this kitchen?. Ladies and Gentlemen . You are now listening to the sounds. of the Notorious BIG and the Junior MAFIA . Jealous niggaz recognize, freak bitches fantasize . Uhh, ahhh. Uh, one two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, uhh. Uhh, uhh, yo . Easy livin, bitches givin pussy like it's free. My GS gleams perfectly. Lil' Cease get raw like the stems. Land's and Lexus' flexed with the M-A-F-I-A. Blunts make my day. Friday to Friday stay bent baby. Plus stylish, sippin on Bailey's Irish. My wish - filthy rich by sixteen. Swimmin in cream, fuck a dollar and a dream. Song knockin on hoe's answerin machine, uhh. True baller, bitch page might call her. A little shorty but I like my bitches taller. Nastiest, the flashiest. You got blunts pass them shits. while Big fuck your bitch, uhh, uhh. While your nigga take flicks. Uhh, yeah, Junior MAFIA clique. One two y'all, you know I rock ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rock ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rock ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, uhh uhh uhh. I admit, back in the days I did stupid shit. Now I changed, I'm into bigger and better things. like rockin Cuban change, bitch copped the Range. Del Vec was set with the Lex and diamond rings. Pop Moet with my bitch when it rain. Drink away the pain, got mad stress on my brain. A little niggarole for dough. Copped ki's across seas, in San Domingo. From a Cuban kid named Sallio, sell mad perrico. Coppin bout four bricks, then I called Nino. Meet me at the airport, feds is on the stalk. I almost got caught cause the dumb bitch talked. How much you make and what we do and where we live at. How much my Vee cost and where my cash stash at. But the feds still couldn't get nuttin. JM still stuntin and frontin. One two y'all, you know we rock ya. Lil' Jamal and Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know we rock ya. Lil' Jamal and Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know we rock ya. Lil' Jamal and Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know we rock ya, rock ya. Lil' Jamal and Junior MAFIA. Mally G, the villian, keep niggaz feelin. My trigger finger enhancin peelin. your dome piece with the chrome piece fat. I'll fuck around, black, catch a Mac to ya back. Lethal weapon with the eighteen leather. Scheamin, bustin on whoever out the Jetta. Window, think slow sink low. Fuckin with raw dog 'Mal you ain't know, ahh. Remember this - funkabist lyricist. Blow the premises out the frame wit this. Killer seen with the guillotine shotty. with Junior MAFIA rockin ya whole fuckin spot. Cockin the Glock, fifty, bust, hit the dust. to spit shit murderous, huh. Now do you think that you can fade Jamal, I fade dem all. And if I have to kill 'em all, I shall. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya. Step in the realms of Junior MAFIA. One two y'all, uhh uhh uhh. I got that venom rhyme like Sprite got lemon lime . Donna Carradine, keep her hair done all the time. My rhyme, somewhat Shakespearean, blood I'm smearin in. Tongue-kissin my lawyer, at my hearin. In this day and age, my rap is like the plague. I married this shit, y'all niggaz still engaged. Turn blowouts to  waves. How this  gauge feel sittin on ya tongue, on ya lips 'n'. dippin with money L in the green beamer. Sippin Zima's, on our way to see Katrina. She said she need a "Freak Like Me," like Adina. Fucked her by mistake she had a twin named Regina. I seen her, lights excite all the freaks. Squirtin on curtains, lips, tits and sheets. Compete, meet death, ya dead, ya die. Don't fuck with B-I, that's that. . What what what, what what, what what, what what. Woaaaahhhhhhh. One two three, Mos Def and Talib Kweli. We came to rock it on to the tip-top. Best alliance in hip-hop, wayohh. I said, one two tree, Black Star shine eternally. We came to rock it on to the tip-top. And Hi-Tek make the beat drop, wayohh. REDEFinition, turning your play into a tragedy. Exhibit level degree on the mic, passionately. Niggaz is sweet so I bet if I bit I'd get a cavity. Livin to get high, you ain't flyer than gravity. We Die Hard like the battery done in the back of me by the mad MC. who think imitation is the highest form of flattery, actually. Don't be mad at me, I had to be the one to break it to you. You get kicked into obscurity like judo, no Menudo. cause you pseudo, tryin to compete with reality like Xerox. Towards destruction you spiraling like hairlocks, wipe them teardrops. Chasing stars in your eyes, playing games with your lives. Now the wives is widows soakin up pillows, weepin like willows. Still mo' blacks is dyin, kids ain't livin they tryin. "How to Make a Slave" by Willie Lynch is still applyin. Regardless, the Mos is one of my closest partners. Rockin ever since before Prince was called The Artist. Rocker before Funkmaster Flex was rockin Starter. When 'Pac and Biggie was still cool before they was martyrs. Life or death, if I'm choosin with every breath I'm enhancin. Stop, there comes a time when you can't run. What, lyrically handsome, call collect a king's ransom. Jams I write soon become the ghetto anthem. Way out like Bruce Wayne's mansion, move like a phantom. You'll talk about me to your grandsons. Cats who claimin they hard be mad fag. so I run through em like, flood water through sandbags. Competition is mad, what I got, they can't have. Sinkin they ship, like Moby Dick, did Ahab. Son I'm way past the minimum, it's a verb millenium. My rap's hold a gat to your back, like Palestinians. Ancient Abyssinia, sure to hold the Gideon. Official b-boy gentlemen, long term, never the interim. Born inside the winter wind, day after December . These simpletons they mentionin the synonym for feminine. Sweeter than some cinnamon from Danish rings by Entenmann's. Rush up on adrenaline, they get they asses sent to them.  you got a tenement, well then assemble it. Leave your unit tremblin like herds of movin elephant. Intelligent embellishment, follow for your element. from Flatbush settlement, skin posseses melanin. Hotter than tales of crack peddlin, makin em WOOP. like blue gelatin, swing like Duke Ellington. Broader than Barrington Levy, believe me. The hot oppresion rent who burn down your chief teepee. You see me?. One two three, Mos Def and Talib Kweli. We came to rock it on to the tip-top. Best alliance in hip-hop, wayohh. I said, one two tree, Black Star shine eternally. We came to rock it on to the tip-top. Because we rulin hip-hop, yes we is rulin hip-hop. Talib Kweli is rulin hip-hop. Say we Black Star we rule hip-hop-ah-ahh-ah-ahh-ahh. Whoahhhh. It starts with a yes y'all that call from Kid Creole. Shouted lethal from the lido deck, cassette steelo. Walking to my own beat, hawkish by my lonely. Cautious 'cause I don't need to walk into some folks, keep. Mawkish less they know me, chock it up to flows, beats. Barking in my phones, heat, balking cause i'm only. Trying to respect the speaker speaking talking to my soul, feet. Stalking 'til the tape pops then squawking on my own. Present day, led astray thoughts within the dome keep. Creeping to the surface, worthless, faulty to the bone, teeth. Coffee breaks the cold sleep, not scrawny though I don't eat. A caution goes to those peops that want to get to know me. I'm lost within my home, leave,  been awful to my homies. Lofty goals that lost control, tossed into the cold, weak. When I get to speaking, talking for whole weeks. Only faithful to my lack of faith, regret it 'til i pass away. Said it 'cause I had to say the lessons in the passion play. The proof is in the pudding and my truth is in the cabaret. Best me's on stage no masks within my masquerade. The castle's fit for bastards, save the laughter for a latter day. Hassle rap to mastered, pave the path to save my ass, and gain. A meaning to the pain i've caused or grafted to their fashion plates. Promise to make you proud, keep pounding at these crashing waves. And be a light before you scatter ashes at my massive wake. And now they're looking at the shards . They're all looking at the shards. And all I could think is "What up". Yo, a sixth sense of fire inspired by intense, fits drenched. By emotion, promoted with fists clenched. A smile 'cross the face disguises the kid's fence. That's hiding the disgrace, the mire, the six pence. I dig into my pocket all my money is spent. A third goes to taxes, a third for the rent. A sixth for the lights and liquor to hide the pain. A sixth for a shirt and a tie to hide the stains. Some people sit with looks of surprise like "Why hit stage?". The same that take a look in the sky like "Why does it rain?". I'll tell you why, to deny it is strange. It throws a soul and Sun off that can't shine everyday. I sit before the listener, fractured old bastard. Trying to redeem the cold side of my state. I spit to serve humanity, whats left of friends and family. From ash of burning s and this mess that i've made. And now they're looking at the shards . They're all looking at the shards. And all I could think is "What up". My name is Sketch. Tha cataclysm, wisdom's usage fluctuating and I'm. Bloodying knuckles from beating myself up, all of my sentence punctuated with an. asterisk, if asked I quip "Yes I've done it", i've become acquainted with a. Series of bad habits, I need to let go of to grow and to focus my actions. The hope's when my path ends, I'll have happened across the right track to cast the light upon. And have become an upstanding citizen, an example of a righted wrong. That kept writing songs, pushed it right along, forward 'cause he might have gone. Off but paused, fought it off, standing tall like the mantle that the mics up on. Substance less less the liquor, the caffeine, and bad dreams mixture. That has me, the track fiend, picture of passion, that rap's mean, quicker. Than last seen or desired, pasture of life laughter, the fire captured. Rapture masked fighter that writes with his past mired in wrath. backwards, crass, the indie rapper . . Say, Weezy . Can they remember me?. Lil' Wee zy. Make 'em remember  ya, nigga. Let these niggas know your  background, nigga . Let 'em  know your  background. Let 'em know how you've been for a while. All I was taught was murder murder. Kill drama, and nothin' less. I strap tha Smith-Wess, and bust it in they chest. I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle. Had ta struggle for success. Hid grams in girls' breasts, stick bricks under they dress. Them niggas there with me fooli'. Me, I'm full of that dilly. Hope when I catch them slippin'. Him and they daddy's trippin'. Shorty can hold it down. Shorty be totin' rounds. Smellin' like a pound on school grounds. Shorty, wow. Hair all over my head. Bandana 'round my brain. Eyes bloodshot red. Briches down to my legs, guns up in my trench. When niggaz playin, they get drenched. My pockets is full of lead. So, nigga, stay off the benz, I'm young with bad nerves. Since I lost my father, I've been troubled hurt and disturbed. So I'on't even hesitate to leave 'em on tha curb. And wet dem niggaz shirt, nigga, get 'em full of birds. Tell them niggaz, Geezy. . Remember he?  Tha little G, never die. Took one to tha chest, but Weeze Wee never die. Remember he?  Tha little G, never die. Have BGeezy on his side, so Weezy Wee never die. Lil' Weezy Wee had ta steal, hustle, and jack. Weezy Wee roll with K's, glocks, and MAC's. Tha little G, he was raised keepin' it real. That's my lil' nigga, I taught him to get it how he live, nigga. Look, look. That time I forgot tha bills. Ain't been home in two weeks. Macita lookin' for me. Tha word all over tha streets. Well, shiiit  I love my momma. But all I got ta offer is drama, and many problems. I lay back in tha cut. These niggas out and I rob 'em, they ain't spin around here. We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here. Tha lights got cut off at my house, and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow. I can't see it, I'ma drop my pile on tha floor. They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz, hey man, them boys ain't riders. {gun cocks} Hand it over, partna, my feet done got tired . Well, picture this, I gotta corner this ole nigga address. He said he got that work, and needed me ta meet 'im there . Nigga, take your Roly down with somethin' shady, daddy . Within a week he changed his mind, and received tha package . Oh well back to tha drawin' board . Cowards start hollerin' 'cause they know I'm comin' for it. (). Lemme tell 'em. You remember that there nigga use ta be thuggin' it out. Blunt in his mouth, would stay passed up in a drought. Run in your house, "Lay down  Nobody move. Tell that slut go get your stash, and empty your pockets, fool". That's how it was  crime, struggle, drivin' for scrubs. Lots of thugs make niggas come ta answer them up. Some niggas choose ta come back to me, ride around my set for me. My lights off that thing 'cause I got that SKS with me. Okay . Listen, all you ballin' niggas betta relocate . 'Cause, see, ya'll got it. I gotta make my cheese rotate . Right now I'm doin' bad. So just give me with whatever you have, my stomach hurt, I need a bag. I'm street-livin' week for week. No-sleep livin'. Look outside ya window in tha mornin', your jeep missin'. My heat sizzlin'. I'm ready ta sweep these niggas. Geezy make 'em remember Weezy, nigga. . Look, remember that?. Wuz up, . I remember you, nigga, we go way back ta True Story,  nigga, ya heard . me. Look, you don't remember me?. I remember ya, nigga. I was I was  a bad dog  Highly . Grove , off top, nigga . . Fuck -- shit is real right here. Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers. Don't get it twisted. Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo. Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass. with no mask, look at the camera like what?. Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed. To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy. Drop  bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal. If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids. I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid?. And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care. If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs. Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children. when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building. Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores. Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores. I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way. Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray. As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall. Takin shots of Louie til I fall. Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove. and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move. My team, you would think was on Thorazine. How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing. Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now. Pick out a quiet town and tie it down. Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now. Beanie Mac I supply it now. My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats. Couple of 's, a , a few Jeeps. Bag enough coke to last a few weeks. In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats. You really wanna test my name?  And test my game?. Until you have me, test my aim?. Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles. Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule. Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin. Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin. Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin. Cop off the lot never see me at the auction. Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin. Out on the strip, until I reach the margin. Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct. Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend. Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans. Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box. Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops. You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX. If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot. You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family. Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami. Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper. Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper. I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag. you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it. Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce. Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce. They got me where I can't be without my large gat. Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat. Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline. Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines. Six months in the county or fed time. I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime. Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga. ever had beef with, son is a bastard. Anytime I spit, spit acid, LOX. Ruffryder you heard?  We got the game mastered. 	I told you the pain was comin. 	You wouldn't listen. 	You tried to play me like a joke?. 	Now who got the last laugh?. 	Now take these bullets with you to hell. You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit. So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick. Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy. Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die. What's the difference?  Either way I'm stunnin your crew. I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose. Somethin to prove?  Spit it, we can have a sprayoff. I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off. Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off. Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off. Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews. Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews. Flow hot like a heatwave bitch. Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with. I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin. for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull. I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are. I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car. I don't care about your block and whoever you shot. I don't care about your album and whenever it drop. I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked. I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash. Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz. Shootin backwards, just for practice. Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket. Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you. Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you. I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock. My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock. I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven. You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me. I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella. Jay  spendin mozzarella. I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers. Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma. Locked in the slammer?  Nope, popped up in Atlanta. Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna. Whoa watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners. Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon. Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed. Get brained in the four dot six Range. Shit main, switch lanes. every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine. Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain. Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that. You don't wanna owe that man. He'll hit you, get the picture?  Kodak man. Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more. I just sit on my money til I'm above the law. How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses. We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga. Multiple cars and divas with D-classes. Iceberg sweat with IB on the elastic. Shit, beyotch  What the fuck, ya heard me?. Put some more beat on that joint. . Yo, yo, yo, y'all can't stand right here. In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare. Loud enough to burst his right eardrum close-range. The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange. I sell rhymes like dimes. The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times. Joker rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick. Classical slap-stick rappers need Chapstick. A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show. So I give 'em something to remember, like the Alamo. Tally-ho A high Joker like Spades game. Came back from five year layin' and stayed the same. Sayin' - electromagnetic feeling blocks all logic, Spock. And G- shocks her biological clock. When I hit it, slit her to the shitter, thought I killed her goose. Her Power-Use was pure Brita water, filtered juice. Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe wit' 'im. Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write wit' 'im. Never seen the shit again, but he's still my dunny. Only thing that come between us is krill and money. I sell rhymes like dimes. The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times. Better rhymes make for better songs, and that is not. If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along. Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks. Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks. Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe. To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro. This rhyme flow take practice like Tae Bo. With Billy Blanks. "Oh, you're too kind" "Really? Thanks". To the gone and lost forever like "O My Darling Clementine". He hold his heart when he tellin' rhymes. When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven. He's nasty like the old time Old Number Seven. You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola. Make you wish they coulda erased out the Motorola. I told her - no credit for it back. If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gak. Only in America could you find a way to make a healthy buck. And still keep your attitude on self-destruct. I sell rhymes like dimes. The one who mostly keep cash, but tell about the broke times. Joker rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick. Classical slap-stick rappers need Chapstick. A lot of them sound like they in a talent show. So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo. Tally-ho  High Joker like Spades game. Came back from five years layin' - stayed the same. Sayin' - electromagnetic field will block all logic, Spock. And G-shock her biological clock. When I hit her, slit her to the shitter, thought I killed her goose. Her Power-Use was pure Brita water, filtered juice. Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe wit' 'im. Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write wit' 'im. Never seen the shit again, but he still my dunny. Only thing that come between us, is krill and money. We sell rhymes like dimes. The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times. Check it out, ch'all Ya don't stop Keep on, to the sure shot. Huh-ha. Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh. Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness. The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF Doom. Ha ha ha ha Yeah. Rock-shockin' the house, with another nugget. Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee. Yeah. Regulation status, right here, Fondle 'Em Recordings. . Yeah. Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?. I don't know Yeah. Whoo Yeah. Mashed potatoes. Applesauce. Buttery biscuits. And I get lost. A yes, yes, yes y'all. You don't stop. Keep on a' to the breakadawn. Say what?. Uh. Yeah. You thought it all was over. You thought the song was over. Ah We tricked you, we tricked you. Ha ha ha ha Whoo. You're listening to wwwhairlinecom. MF Doom, Cool Bob Love. . Yeah I'm rollin with Roc-a-Fella man. Cause they got money man, heh heh. Uh-huh, uh-huh uh UH, uh-huh, 'Hovah. Yeah, Stevie J nigga. Y'all ready?  Yo, yo. How many y'all wanna ride tonight . How many y'all down to die tonight . How many y'all wanna ride tonight. Nigga ride or die or ride or die. . Aiyyo fuck y'all, niggaz I crush y'all, rush y'all. with the four drawn and I touch y'all, plus y'all. little motherfuckers ain't ready for war. I seen your team in a crisis before, thought I forgot?. The same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style. Y'all niggaz is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as I. much better than you cat, shocked when I got the news that. this nigga ready for war, well where that fool at?. I bruise wack rap niggaz severely punish them. Especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh. Always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew. I probably make more money off yo' album, than you. You see the respect I get everytime I come through. Check your own videos, you'll always be number two. Niggaz talkin real greasy on them R&B records. but I'm platinum a million times nigga, check the credits. S Carter, ghost writer, and for the right price. I can even make YO' shit tighter. I roast niggaz like ya, smoke niggaz like ya. Take your little jewels and put the toast to niggaz like ya. You know what the fuck we do and why we done it. How I bring it to niggaz who, probably want it. Keep playin, you gon' find me in your lobby blunted. And I don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke. Niggaz cat fightin with Jigga, kickin sneaky shit. Makin little tapes but keepin it secret. Cause I kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit. Now I don't know if you fuckin with Jigga. spittin that weak shit y'all. How many y'all wanna ride tonight . How many y'all down to die tonight . How many y'all wanna ride tonight. Nigga ride or die or ride or die. . Yeah, yeah. Niggaz don't want it with Jig, cause somethin got to give. I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live. Jigga's the Don, bitches scream "Jigga dandy,. dick is the bomb, about as thick as a arm". Mr Exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm. Bitch I'm tryin to tell you like Nichalous Bond. I'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that?. Cars, jewelry, homes, I did that. Oh's, shootouts, keys, I live that. Actresses, models, chickenheads, hit that. I get stacks and still I kick back. and run up on niggaz with the midac, where the shit at?. How many y'all wanna ride tonight . How many y'all down to die tonight . How many y'all wanna ride tonight. Nigga ride or die or ride or die. . Time to seperate. the platinum from the white gold, right from the door. The real from the fake, ready rock from the raw. The boss from the runners, cats who ride dick. from the cats with the numbers, the five from the six. I got cop n crash money, pop the dash money. Press the button, alluva sudden, glock in the stash money. Beef with Jigga, watch yo' ass Money. It's El Presidente, top brass money. Now I don't flash the steel, I blast for real. My motto you only good as the last nigga you kill. I'm here to snatch this meal, nigga that's for real. If you rollin with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh?. How many y'all wanna ride tonight . How many y'all down to die tonight . How many y'all wanna ride tonight. Nigga ride or die or ride or die. . Alright here we go, third take. {clears throat} Real quick Ali, mm. Got me breathing with dragons. I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard. I'm Marilyn Manson with madness, now just imagine the magic. I light to asses, don't ask for your favorite rapper.  Yessir.  Chuuch.  I killed him.  Bitch. And this is riga-mortis. and it's gorgeous when you die. Ali recorded and I'm Morpheus. The Matrix of my mind. I'm out the orbit. You an orphan and a hairdresser combined. I'm on the toilet when I rhyme. If you the shit then I decline. I climax where you begin. and then I end on cloud nine. And that's important when you morph. into an angel in the sky. And don't be forging all my signatures. My listeners reply. and tell me that you biting style. You got a hell of an appetite. And I'ma be here for a while. Just buckle up before the ride. or knuckle up if you could fight. We always making them duck or die. A suit and a tie is suitable. and usual, it's suicide. CSI just might investigate. this fucking parasite. . That's what they telling me. Aim it at your celebrity. This is studio felony. Feragami so many. and cool enough for the seventies. Nigga, payback's a bitch. and bitch you been living in debt with me. That I'm more than especially. Leave a call on his mother voicemail. to say he rest in peace. Bigger chopper the recipe. Wrestling, that's irrelevant. Rather rest at your residence. Whistling to the melody. Couldn't think of a better D. Better be on your P and Q. It's just me, Jay Rock, 'Soul and Q. So the system ain't why we cute. Nothing else you can do.  Yep, yep.  I killed him.  {laughs}.  Amen. Got me breathing with dragons. I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard. I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper.  Yep, yep.  I know.  For sure.  Amen. Got me breathing with dragons. I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard. I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper. I rapped him and made him Casper. I captured the likes of NASA. My pedigree to fly past ya. I'll pass the weed to the pastor. We all are sinners. Won't you send us to bible study faster?. Your hypocrite is reaction of blasphemy. I assassin my casualty. and it's casually done. And tell 'em my salary come. in lumps of a hundreds. Don't talk to me bout no money. The sun is under my feet. and I come in peace to compete. I don't run if you'd rather leap. My statistics go up in weeks. And I go visit the nearest street. and I get busy on many emcees. Really ballistic, anybody can see. Any assistance, everybody done see. some persistence, recognize I be. really too vicious, the permanent beast. and the demolition breaking up the streets. Better partition, better dot you T. and I gon' mention, how the fog you see. Putting my dick in the rap industry. Everybody bitching, getting mad at me. Recognize Kendrick in the battery. and I'm charged up, and the catastrophe. is star-struck, and the audacity. of y'all fucks, never could hassle me. I'ma give it to you before the bootleggers get hold of. it. You know what I'm sayin'?. I figure I put it out first, make some money wit' it. Why not, right?. Okay, -. Yo I'm Brooklyn like the 's. Brownsville and Bushel keep it grimey. When I'm from flatbush that's where you'll find me. In Brooklyn, Tek wit' Justin and Sadat. And Free and Sid from ???. Always catch me wit' Juju and Rubiks, we was truant kids. Dollar band nooseses. Jump bell, run, and never look back. Mr Man kept the hammer in his bookbag. Rubiks duced me to Black and Forte. DJ Enuff on Avenue K I go back a long way. Wit' Super Nat in Washington Square freestylin' everyday. Peformin' at Lyricists' Lounge who ate off Jean Grae. Fuckin' wit' Mood is how I met Hi-Tek. Black Star came in effect when Elijah gave my tape to Mos Def. Reflection Eternal was next on deck. My crew the best and we proved it. We knew our music was the Vanguard of a movement. Every Rawkus release was bangin', they on the come up. They was like fuck the radio 'til Pharoahe said "Get the fuck up". Flex listened, jabbin' at Bryant. The next position was right about now we need the. radio hit written. While I hit the road. On tour to support the records since the day it was sold. Corey had me followin' the example of De La Soul. Common and The Roots to me these the sickest niggaz. Get my figures wit' the Okayplayers and the Spitkickers. Rawkus got a deal with MCA, this the gray area. The letters stand for Music Cemetery of America. They tried to fool you by switchin' the name to Geffen. Now they Interscope's bitch and every artist who had a chance left 'em. Ain't no big surprise, wasn't no love there. Jimmy Iovine never signed me, I just kinda ended up there. But fuck that, literally it was my way or the highway. Hit the road with the Beastie Boys and toured Europe with Kanye. Gotta thank 'em for the love on the album. I knew out on "Electric Circus". He'd get it by any means necessary like Malcolm. I dropped a single, shot a video, took control of my situation. Got a label poppin', it's a celebration . Yo boy Free I had to get out. I put you on, that's where I'm at right about now. And if you're sayin' it's my time, you right about now. This what's goin' through my mind right about now. Hey yo, hey yo, it's time to write about now. And if you lookin' you can find it right about now. I put you on, that's where I'm at right about now. This what's goin' through my mind right about now. Yo, hey yo, it's time to write about now. And if you lookin' you can find it right about now. That's right bitches, Talib Kweli. One of the baddest motherfuckers you've ever seen. That's right bitches, Talib Kweli. You're now rockin' with the best I said it. The best The best. That's right bitches. You're now rockin' with the best The best. Talib Kweli. Where's-Where's my snares? Talib Kweli. Where's-Where's my snares?. . Niggaz was goin crazy with me. It was our first video, nigga. You know we was gon' come back to the country road. I don't knowyyyeah. Y'all-y'all ready to roll again?.  Lets ride then. Ah, yup, hit 'em. Way before platinum there was a place we used to go. and ride for hours at a time on a country road. Whatever's troublin, you can let it go. I get out of the car and walk through it, visit the river and talk to it. Simply sayin, "Mr water, what is it that you runnin from?". Asked the bird in the tree, "What is it that you hummin for?". Now knowin +Why the Caged Bird Sings+ is wishin to be free. Reminded myself of life and it's hold on me. Touring, the children, women, sexual resistance. Religion means so much to me, the church don't see enough of me. This way, that way, bendin corners tryin to get away. Sometimes you have to see a storm to appreciate a pretty day. BACK in the car now, headed for the liquor store. God, what a vivid scene, diggin what I just seen. Rolled up another one, still in a daze though. Gassed up at the Mini-Mart, my mind on the country roads. I just wanna goooo. On the country roads and get blowwwwed. On the country roads again rolllll. Been on the country roads again. Yo, we off in these backwoods Caddy-hoggin, Nappy dawg, ain't no joke. We glad they robbin, rap imposters, for they problem no hope. It's cutthroat, we hungry starvin, chargin for the front do'. You want mo'? We smoke and sparkin, jokers like the blunt go. Been shovin folk for plenty miles, yes I'm the type to grin and bear it. The second chance and out the box, I'm back again with 'dro and spirits. Look at me now, I found a spot, I'm down here by that rollin river. Grab a rose and took me to a place, au revoir, I'm rollin scriptures. Man these country roads makin me zone out. Ridin through all the bullshit that poppa would scold 'bout. But soon as my hustle got good I showed out. Quick to jump I-, come back with plenty mo'. By ' I was smokin perfecto. The chains and the Willie Esco was the dresscode. We lost our littlest cousin Gwin, a skidrow. Tony Renfrow rest in peace your kinfolks, I miss y'all. . Back deep on these country roads blowin, gettin in touch with my mind. No worries just striped lines and curve-filled signs. When all the events throughout the day, good or bad, somehow rewind. While I recline, in my Cadillac seats. Hit the trees and press repeat. and let the melody of these windy roads keep my soul upbeat. No destination proposed, just ridin these country roads. . Listen, this killer's that's willin to catch a court case. Split your wig apart quicker than the divorce rate. Niggaz show out, go wild in the corpse cage. Blow out in the news and I don't mean the sports page. Get drowned in North Lake, could get found in horse cave. Fool, get down, the boy's crazy. Lil' Stille's with ambition, itchin to fill my position. Replace me, but by the Lord's grace still existin. Should be in depression Latrill is missin, cousins in prison. Heard Little Ricky was snitchin, now he's a born-again Christian. Always had my suspicions, our teens with bad addictions. Family members gone oas on a mission, we miss 'em. See you can travel straight through two different coasts. State to state, navigate this beautiful globe. in search of a plate full of food for the soul. I could taste it when the smoke hit my nose. on a place called country roads. . Aiyyo-yo-yo-yo you better pass it. Aiyyo check this out. We coming to you live from that BOMB Chocolate City my man. Where the knotty-headed niggaz and the Brick City brigade dwell. And if you don't know your fool better ask. Aiyyo-yo you better pass that blunt. And yo E, we comin to you live with the Cosmic type stuff.  One Redman. Well it's that brother coming six billion feet from beneath. And you should be peep-in how I get smoked-out on the weekend. I swing it to my crew or down to my fans. Schoolin hell of stackas like final exams. Cause, it's the  Funkadelic, hit you with the irrelevant. elements, and it's coming through your block. Can't you smell it trick?. Wanna copy-cat my whole format. So you get funk tracks, punch lines and skull hats. HUHHHHHHH Got a little Redman in town. Who's that effin clown soundin wack with the frown??. I don't know man, but you better wonder what I would do. While loud on this staff like birds one and two. My crew runs thicka than syrup from the burough. You get hurt up, word up, Jam-med like Pearl. Knock off from blood clot puff on the rough block. Or I peep my man, Rockafella, it don't stop. On and on, and it don't quit. Redman rockin on to the funky shit, c'mon.                                         On and on, and it don't quit.                                         Redman rockin on to the funky shit. I said Jersey's in the house            Jersey's in the house. I said Brooklyn's in the house          Brooklyn's in the house. I said Uptown's in the house            Uptown's in the house. I said the Bronx in the hidouse         The Bronx in the hidouse.  Two. Newark, New Jersey, rock rock on, word is bond. I'm comin in swarms, so turn your flashlights on. Due to difficulty, my style flows while it travels across the planet. in  Hours like Nick Nolte. Droppin the flavor, stay Sky high like Pager. I'm magical like Fantasia on paper. I Saw the Light like Kraftwerk, of course. When the T-L-A Rock shock the stuff, It's Yours. To your drawers, your record label got your staff gassed. Thinkin you gonna sell two mil cakes real fast. But you're blocked, and your earrings choke like a tec. Now, who freakin style your ass gonna steal next?. Are there any more imitators in the house??  There are no. Bust like NBA Jams, and you can have Chicago. Catch the cargo, funky like a bag of Bravos. Way back, when I used to pump  KTU and Carlos. Huuhhh  I just stay funky like that. Make you wanna  my style like a junkie on crack. Trick, you better back the freak up, for real now. When I break it down from Newark NJ to IllTown. On and on, and it don't quit. Redman rockin on to the funky shit, c'mon.                                         On and on, and it don't quit.                                         Redman rockin on to the funky shit. I said Virginia's in the house          Virginia's in the house. I said Cali's in the house              Cali's in the house. I said Atlanta's in the house           Atlanta's in the house  . North Carolina's in the house           Carolina's in the house. .  Three. Yoo-hoo watch the birdie  While Red wreck your brains early. If rap was B-Ball, I'd have assists like James Worthy. Dribble the rock if you got the hots to get your knot rocked. Twice my device, Run-DMC's from my Rock Box. Hey you, better Come Clean like Jeru. Before I take phase two and do another pay-per-view. to your crew, I give a boom bip to Q-tip. Standin tall like Shaq, honey I'm back, this ain't Blue Chips. The new stuff, creamin brothas like Breyer's. He's heating up -- nah, brotha, I'm on fire. Dribble dribble shootin three pointers to the drum trick. Try to take my style? BLAOW and one. DJ Twinz in the house for the nine-square. My man Shaft, you don't know you better ask. . That bomb Chocolate City coming to you live. from the ninety-fo' era. Aiyyo you better pass that blunt, aiyyo check this out. We gonna take it to you live. where Newark New Jersey drops that chocolate funk for ya. Everyday and all day, how we do it word is bond, word is day. Def Squad's in the house for the nine-fo', word is bond, word is day. The sad Hawthorne Ave got the good smoke, word is bond, word is day. Knotty-head niggaz in the house for nine-fo', word is bond, word is day. Brick City brigade in the house for nine-fo', word is bond, word is day. Redman rocks on and on for the nine-fo', word is bond, word is day. Word is bond word is bond in the house I'm in the house. Word is bond, word is day. You can suck my balls and lick my butt, word bond, word d, ehehehehehe. Word bond, word day. Hehehehehe, word is bond, word is day. Check it out, check it out. We comin to you live with the Cosmic Slop. On the fuckin block and we got the glocks. To your knot, who's the funk nigga and I'm comin to ya hot. It's that, Cosmic Slop, hit you with the irrelevant, ele, yeah. . Watch your step. Rollin' down the street, you might be macking. Watch out for the shorty who be packing. In his mind, he knows your pockets stacking. But you got s and your goods got took. Little Boy Blue went to blow his horn. Cuz in the streets we roll deep and your life may be gone. Scheming and creeping, living it up between the sheets and. Nobody's mine cuz my crew is like a riot squad. The Sunz are holding, your life you better guard. Cuz Population Click's within my mist. I must maintain, cuz there are no tactics, forever gonna change. Dressed in the latest, taylor made means the greatest. He gave Versace half his money, while Donna stunts his money. And while success succeded, true friends were deleted. Which forces enemies to go all out for his cheese. Nothing is fair in love or in war. Someone is forever settling scores, beware of mysteries. Nothing's hard to believe, welcome to the land of profit and pain. We'd all play the game if the stakes were the same. Freshly jig on the scene, pockets stacked with cream. Girls find me irrestible, untouchable and even invincible. You can't ignore me, I got your card, I know your whole story. Made suckas like Kirby, they're only worthy. To hold my derby, walking down the boulevard. Like he's hard, and that charter can't get that ass robbed. All eyes are on me, cuz I'm fly as can be. What, what, so what you gonna do?. He said raise your hand in the air and run your loot. You were peeping my stee, now you robbing me. All this gone in a second, doesn't take another lesson. Lost myself in my selections, to this no good adolescenet. Crystal, can't help me now. Don't have no coke with no smile. Took me this long to find my self. Alone without my wealth, so please don't take my life. I wish to live through the night. I've been watching you G, I know your movements to a T. You're pretty free with your cream. Macking all the chicks on the scene, this is no dream. Yes I'm robbing you clean, try to catch you in that Lex. Change my mind to the Rolex, it's never what I mean. Only what I have to do, I need to get some cash. So I'm picking on you, Versace don't got me. So I'm taking it off your body. Don't even move a muscle, you shouldn't try to stop me. Yes I want it, you got it, so I'm taking it out your pocket. Times are hard, and we're in the last days. I don't want to bore you, so just give up those shades. Family matters, wont make that face shatter. My family has a need, and it builds up my greed. Can't afford what they giving, so up with your salary. Beware of all mysteries, I end all discrempecies. Yeah, we be rollin', we be macking. Packing, stacking, you got s and your goods got took. Haha. . Yeah Christbearer Christbearer. Christ Christ Christbearer, yeah. Yeah Christbearer, what, who? Christbearer. Yeah, yeah, what, yeah, yeah. The only addict that is in control. A Charlie Parker count, Basy Duke and Jellyroll. A do or die, or by the higher height flyer. Cuz when I flow I set the fucking world on fire. Me or the devil gon' get ya. If you the true believer in the scripture on this oblong twister. We get all evil in the picture. Scaring the bejesus outta victim, with the famous hanus mixture. Who wanna challenge big Christ to a fight. Be the lonely only one on a three dog night. The niggas that could tell you how you feel. I tell ya'll what's the muthafucking drill while I'm banging with a kill. I be the bomb, people know me on a song. The Black Godfather, Don Vito Corleone. Doing the craziest shit, fresh out the liquor store. A million dollar million off a twenty dollar poor. Yo, I made something outta nothing. Then heard a beat this one got noticed as if my name was David Ruffin. To hang heavy off a beat that you rock. Drop my Chevy to the levy, when the levy was dropped. Splashed the past tease that release the fire. And my canibus sativa got the Queen of Cheeba high. Sigh, everybody got a crush on that bitch. Got plush, then put a little rush on that bitch. I went AWOL, conquering the mall like bitch. I taught Simon and Peter bout the Paul. Christbearer be a world premiere. Smoking mumbles in the leer, in the racketeer gear. The only man satan in the fresh here. Cuz I made 'em one 'em up and get the fuck up outta here. When we, are able, to see, beyond the effect to the cause. That produce the effect, then we are able to see correct. Then no longer our decisions be emotional decisions. They are made rational with percision, rise above emotions. It's straight danger in the street, and I got heat. To beat niggas that make you talk sweet. I stay focused while the world's wide open. And I rise above emotions, cuz the God's not joking. Northstar, baby, put ya hands up. And if you feeling me then put ya hands up. Cuz everybody needs something to feel. I rotate the planet and spit the real. Ya'll niggas better put up ya force field. Before you get killed, or the devil tried to kill. This is people coming straight from the Beach. To ignite the weak, and lace the streets. Cuz everybody can go a little crazy. But crazy can get you killed in the long run. Especially for my niggas that be on one. It's Northstar til they blow the horn, son. Yeah, yeah, Northstar, til they blow the horn, son. When we, are able to see, beyond negativity. Rise above emotions. . Fuckin' posers. It's almost over now. It's almost over now. Yeah. You think the way you live is okay. You think posing will save your day. You think we don't see that you're running. Better call your boys cause I'm coming. You can't be me, I'm a Rock Star. I'm rhyming on the top of a cop car. I'm a rebel and my  pops far. IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW. Guess, you ain't heard that we swallow guys. It's too damn late ,to apologize. When you see the mantle or when you see the skies. IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW. You think that you don't have to ever quit. You think that you can get away with it. You think the light won't be ever lit. It's almost over now, almost over now. Something's on your chest better get it off. There'll be no one left when we set it off. We ain't gonna take it no more. Since it's almost over now, almost over now. You have to plenty of time, there was no rush. But it was your dream to be like us. You're in dreamland so you don't care. And as you wake I'm standing there. You don't succeed cause you hesitate. You think we're fly, but we levitate. Just be yourself, don't ask us why. Cause if you don't, we'll make you cry. When the wolves come out, that's when the hood dumb out. It's like, you escape from jail, if you could run out. Prison Break, riot starters, pirates with revolvers. Sammy the Bull ass nigga, I silence a mobster. You talking too much, lips move faster than words. Back in the days, eyes good, snatching a purse. Beef, ratchet or , flow matching my . Front on Fes, you asking for dirt and passage in church. God bless the child in the penal, wild. I emerged from the Earth, with a crocodile smile. Ready to snap like bear traps, ', only wore Air Max. Every rap that I spit is like Fear Fact'. So pull a chair back, have seat in the presence of greatness. Featerweights scared to face this, heavyweight shit. Every state hit, working the graveshift. We try and break the chains like on a slaveship. I really wanna run with the wolves . So tell me, can I run with the wolves? . {I know she wanna run with the wolves} . {Cuz she know she gon' have fun with the wolves} . Aiyo, you haters say shit like my Maybach wack. But hear my songs, you wan' play back tracks. We treat 'em like, it's the same way we payback rats. Money from the streets, we gave back that. Big heat, make ya Adact crack. The script played at, would crack. Homey don't play that, in fact. This industry money is real easy to get. On some Lounge Mode shit, Season of Da Vick. Squeezing 'til the clip empty, I pimp plenty. Sip Remi, my man throwing up, spitting Henny. Dreaming of pushing a Bently, sitting on 's. Car full of dimes, I'm a star in his prime. Jars of the lime, one time, stressing the block. Hoes see Versace on ankle, stressing my socks. Park Hill, repping the block, weapon on cock. I car shop, buy every vet on the lot. Yo, Profes is the future, listen when I say it. The hood dissing what you playing, you Kidding N Playing. Yo, the game is laughing, as long as the fame, is lasting. But you broke now, had a little change, what happened?. You claimed you had it, what a shame, you rapping. Became an addict, to the R&B, lame tactics. I write you a song, for a piece of ya budget. You'll go platinum when released to the public, ya peoples'll love it. I'm Fes Taylor, in the streets, and I'm thugging. Guns in the kitchen, pull heat from the oven. I'm too hot for BET, MTV, but I'm still The Great LG. From WP, Two  War dot E-N-T. It's Staten I-S-L-A-N-D. And we be, number one in this rap shit. Don't make me clap shit, go back on some Wolf Pack shit. It's Fes Taylor. We live from the do what you wanna do tour. You might catch us OT, fucking with Pimp and Kid. Bishop Don Juan, you know what the hoes is doing. The hoes is rolling with the wolves. The wolves got the hoes in the Marriot. We got the suite on the top floor. It's real serious, you see me with the silk bathrobe. Uh-huh, yeah, Fes Taylor Incorporated. Sports Illustrated, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah . . I know all the times were hard. I know that you've been feeling down. If you only knew how I'm feeling for you. If I could take your pain. I wish that I could wash it all away. If you only knew how I'm feeling. Mommy, I'm sorry if my first letter made you cry. To be honest with you, I don't think that I want to die. Sometimes I feel like that I'm cancerous in other's lives. That's probably why I drink at night and sleep 'til four or five. It's kind of hard walkin' through life with my distorted eyes. When I was younger, I was stupid and I thought I'd thrive. I thought a lot about everything I said in the letter. And questioned whether or not if I was dead, you'd be better. You think my shorty would be happy if I never met her?. It's too late now, mommy, I could never forget her. Could never forget how she taught me to love. 'Cause my father and my grandmother is always above. It's glory above, you know that daddy taught me to thug. And every time we was with nanny she'd bombard me with hugs. Damn, I miss her, mommy, and it's hard to believe. That I'm grown and I don't understand it, why did they leave?. It's better to die and sleep. Then never wake and sleep. Then linger on and dare to live. When the soul's life is gone. You've been running around for so long. You've been hurting yourself too much. You keep messing around with darkness. You're the one who's losing. You've been running around for so long. You've been hurting yourself too much. You keep messing around with darkness. You're the one who's losing. Mommy, I think that I'ma try to stick around a while. I got a niece, and my nephews, they need me 'round a while. I think they need me 'cause they hittin' that age. And they ain't tryin' to speak to Lenny 'cause they spittin' they rage. Yeah, and mommy, speakin' to Lenny, I think my brother need me. And we Italian, so you know my mother love to feed me. And it's the little things you do for me that make it worth it. Like when I play a joint that we did and you say it's perfect. And when Jake got knocked, you knew that I was hurt. You told me put all of my heart in the song, and it worked. I promised him that I'd be there when he got out the bing. You ain't raise me to be a liar, ma, that's not my thing. I told him that I'd hold him down the whole time that he gone. They kept him locked inside a cage, but that's cool, 'cause he's strong. So mommy, keep that first letter I wrote you on the low. I think I wanna stay alive and see if I can grow. You've been running around for so long. You've been hurting yourself too much. You keep messing around with darkness. You're the one who's losing. You've been running around for so long. You've been hurting yourself too much. You keep messing around with darkness. You're the one who's losing. "You have power and money, but you are mortal. You know you cannot escape death. But immortality can be obtained. The legend is always the same. If ? have succeed in conquering death. Why must we accept it?. I know where the immortals live. And how to obtain their secret. We too must become wise men. The elements of chemistry are many, but finite. So are the techniques of enlightenment". I know all the times were hard. I know that you've been feeling down. If you only knew how I'm feeling for you. If I could take your pain. I wish that I could wash it all away. If you only knew how I'm feeling. . We're together with this one Yes yes y'all Yes yes y'all Yes. Yo, Feelin' alright, movin' through nights. Key scenes awakenin'. Everyday from deep dreams. Summer stash gear. With the fridge full. Tryin' to keep cream. Beige trees. Save leaves. Study degrees. Don't rake your fate in haste with fake schemes. And angelic themes. What kind of man would study mankind's place. When streets is landmine laced?. Wait. Watch your step. From a place where these kids is hardly winners. And too often the case is sardines for dinner. Now, are these the sinners that can do no good?. Stuck blood clots in cold hoods?. No good, it's Rosewood. The block is the body of Christ. We party and fight. God, probably for life. A daily struggle, on the humble thoughts bubble at night. And then, pop, fizzle. Blow up and lock missiles on ob-stacles . Gain knowledge. Understandin', equality. Believe in G. Even if it's only in me. And everybody else on some other shit. I'll still be on the strip, bumpin' this. Pumpin' fists. Everybody say yes. If you tired of the stress. Tryin' to get it off of your chest. Me,I'm from the porch not the stoop where us westsiders shoot. Dice each other over more than just loot. It's more than just colors. Dead homies like brothers. Or maybe they shot up the spot where your grandmother stay at. Thought process goin' on underneath wave caps worldwide. Plumb juice and genocide. Is what they sippin' on. What they trippin' on is the chrome that they sittin' on. Got your chain swingin' but your brain ain't hittin' on. . Anybody got a problem with progress get at me. Young scrappy lad from the land of the bad. Been makin' suckers mad since I picked up the pad. Pen down, been down since the s. But won't switch now just so I can sound crazy. I simple tell the truth and let the chips chase me. Everybody say yes. If you tired of the . stress. Tryin' to get it off of your chest. Listen, we goin' through the crucifixion. When the government judges how we livin'. Got half our brothers, up in prison. How we escape, trauma. In the world of mad drama. Complaints between fathers and baby mommas. Family's that suffered through addiction. Heard it was better, in the s. Everybody wasn't so crazy. But maybe. It'll be better for our generation. Less war with coins that's commemoratin'. I don't think the solemn oath's they remember takin'. Can't run the new world with intimidation. And eliminatin' . Children and women. It's been hidden by radio and television. But livin' in the city. Of heroes and villains. Paper makes it. Hard to tell the difference. Everybody say yes. If you tired of the stress. Tryin' to get it off of your chest. Nothing can be done against the truth. no matter how we remain in denial, yeah. Wasting time, replacing time with each empty excuse. but that'll only work a little while. Coping with despair, knowing you're not there. ashamed to just admit I've been a fool. So I blame it on the son, run away from everyone. hoping to escape this ridicule. Trapped in misery, wrapped so miserably. and this deception, I wear it like a skin. Dying to maintain, oh I keep trying to explain. a heart that never loved me to begin. Oh I'm such a mess, I have no choice but to confess. that I've been desperately trying to belong. Lieing to myself and everybody else. refusing to admit my right was wrong, and then he came. And then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Praise and meditation, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Did you think about that, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Praise and meditation, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. That it is seen. How beautiful is fruit still in denial of its roots. my guilty heart behaves so foolishly. This treason from within that reasons with my sin. won't be happy till it sees the death of me. Selfishly addicted to a life that I depicted. conflicted cause it's not reality. Oh what's left of me, I beg you desperately. cause me to agree with what I know is best for me. Please save me from myself, I need you, save me from myself. please save me from myself so I can heal. The chocies that I've made, oh have been nothing but mistakes. what a wasted use of space, should I die before I wake. In all of my religion, I've fortified this prison. obligated to obey the demands of bad decisions. Please save me from myself, I need you. save me from myself, please save me from myself so I can heal. And then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Praise and meditation, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Did you think about that, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. Praise and meditation, and then he came. Selah, oh and it means. That it is seen. And then he came. And then he came, then he came, then he came. And then he. And then he came. "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". Yeah, yeah, I'm a terrorist threat, burn in Hell where the devil is kept. How can we be powerful with incredible debt?. Dump the clip, hittin' you from your head to your neck. A creep with the silencer, leave you dead where you slept. I'm as vicious with the right or the left. And I stand behind my people if it's life or it's death. A knife in the chest, that's the way that we do. But if I was you, I'd be concerned about the avian flu. I pray that you do, but you ain't listen before. You ain't listen when I told you 'bout my visions of war. My system is pure, trap you like a prisoner's war. Anyone who ever met me say my liver is poor. Whoever met me say they dig my rapport. Say that he the only one that ain't a dick on the tour. Kick in the door, with my vodka, believe that. And hand Warchild all the blunts and the weed sack. Fuckin' worm, yeah. "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". Yeah, you like Napoleon Bonaparte. I throw a dart and blow your bones apart. The lonely part's when you fallin' like you Owen Hart. My fuckin' soul is dark, I wouldn't wish it on you. I wouldn't wish any of my mental conditions on you. I just wish that y'all would leave me for dead. Wish that I would go away and fall asleep in my bed. I'm lethal instead, but I supposedly thrived. Anyone or anything that got too close to me died. Supposed to be live, fuck it, I'm supposed to be king. 'Pose to murder everything like an associate of Ming. Listen, I ain't takin' your word, man. Just give me all the "Cash Money" like Birdman. "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". Yeah, another holy , never listen to what's told in church. My soul immersed in a statue that's as old as earth. I'm fuckin' Odin's curse, the living eight man. Calculate infinity with Dillinger escape plan. I would walk on the Arabian with grey sand. And heal the sickness of the people where I laid hands. I was there when they created the Christ. When the Romans in Judea took the Pagan's advice. I hate what I'm like, hate that I'm afraid of the light. Hate that everyone who love me always hate what I like. Hate that everywhere I go, I get engaged in a fight. Hate that everything I say is just evasive and trife. Enraged with a knife, I don't care who I slice. I could walk into the woods and kill a bear with my mic. I'm here with my mic, fear me and be careful at night. 'Cause Vinnie vicious like a mutha fuckin' werewolf at night. I'm a beast, baby Yeah. "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". "Everything is real I see". "A lot of rappers out here actin' with no movie roles". "It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth". "We been adored for keepin' it raw". "For keepin' it raw" "For keepin' it raw". "For keepin' it raw" "You know the deal". . Set it off, set it off, set it off, set it. Set it off, set it off, set it off. I'm sayin 'WHAAAT?' to niggas that act like wreck. When I flash the Tec and hit a nigga in his neck . With two slugs, blood is a sign of vic. And if his bitch wannna snitch she can bite the dick. That's my word, anything goes for the hoes. I'm snatchin rings, earrings, jewels and clothes. From the ghetto, tryin to get my hands on a ki. So fuck Mike cause niggas wanna be like me. They think I'm crazy, nigga, like a bag of dust. I don't listen to the fuss cause I'm tryin to bust. With the muthafuckin BM drop, . By the way, me and my crew, we real live. Get absurd and hit a nigga with the bloody birds. Niggas can't fuck around with the bloody words. Aiyo, watch buckshots at midnight like I'm a fuckin crook. Do stick-up's, head north, get the cash and book. I make ends but it depends on my type of vic. If it's a dealer the Tec- will gun him quick. Who's to say if I want, money, and if I will. I let it rip and up close so watch a temple spill. Mad blood everywhere but who says I did it. Bullets stay caught up in my gun, they wouldn't fit it. Cause I'm blastin with a cannon every fuckin hour. 's don't work, I need the double power. Watch your back for the wall, Lox hit the street. And stay low for the stray bullets pass your meat. Mad young but I don't give a hoot. So I just pollute and kickin heads with the fuckin boot. So put your dicks up, money, or head north. Or head for the border from a squad decide to set it off. Set it off, yo, set it off 	. I know you niggas don't want drama cause I'ma tear that ass out the frame. I was born insane and surrounded by the drug game. It ain't a damn thing changed, I still chill . With the Glock on the block tryin to make a mill. Niggas is done for fun, so don't test, son. I find a victim and stick him and move to the next one. Serial killer, but I ain't after Captain Crunch. I murdered the Brady Bunch cause I'm out to lunch. Lost my brain in the drug game, I love to do the wrong thing. I make g's from sellin ki's of cocaine. No judge can judge me, police can't touch me. Watch out, shit's about to get ugly. I got the Tec, so respect the Main Source. MC Lotto, yeah, I came to set it off. Yo, watch the evil spirit rise when niggas get me fed. I slash a bitch and leave her weave up in a bloodshed. A heartless bitch with a switch givin bitches stitches. I got a backyard full of fuckin dead snitches. And plus this chicken's throwin lickings comin from the mental. No shame in my game, I'm aimin for your fuckin temple. And plus I'm comin equipped with the mad styles. The niggas I kill will go down with y'all profiles. Yeah, you bloody roughneck, my style damn good. The shit I kick is takin muthafuckas' manhood. So all that shit you plan on talkin yo, you won't be able. So watch your mouth before you catch a fist that rocks your cradle. And now you know my state of mind that I'm lettin off. And anytime that I rhyme I'm gonna set it off. Set it off, yo, set it off 	. Yo, back the fuck up before I catch a body. I'm givin niggas boxers and that's includin muthafuckin hotties. So get your pistol and your posse if you think you could stop me. I open em up like a autopsy. I got a crew of niggas waitin for the combat. If we can't get you we steppin where your mom's at. So all that rah-rah shit gotta cease, I pop my leash. If it's beef you ain't leavin in one piece. I drink a forty and I take over  Blocks. Niggas with Glocks give me props, they say, "Shorty rocks". From  Projects to  acres and a mule. Knock out a , then I'm knockin out  fools. If they ever try to get with the nitwit, forget this. The hitlist and cripplin the witness. I gotta get it off when I let it off. Straight up and down, muthafuckas, I set it off. Set it off, yo, set it off 	. . Smoked the bong to the bang and got crunk. Shorty with the thong and the chain's about to get nutty. From my song and my hands, I ain't tryna be ya buddy. Let a player cut somethin scratching. Now it's on anything that got drunk. Skully took it strong to the brain, and I'm. talkin dirty to this broad, "where yo' mayne?". Think about it, till early in the mo'nin, bout . Get it on, split the Philly, light the blunt and hell it's on. If ya tryna get me, then hit me on my cella-phone. Really homes, take a hunnie with the silicone. Tighter than an S-Type sittin right on plenty chrome. Strong in the game, but not to play with anyone. Yeaga like to dance, but not just to any song. Gotta be the one, that rep well clear from. "No perm, no fade, no brush, no comb". Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what . Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what . Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what . Roll, drank, cut, what . Made the next call for the drink, and drank it straight to the head. Stuck on the wall, thumbtack, but what I shoulda did. Focus on the sack and sip just a little bit. Blame it on the Jack D, get back to the chick. Look I'm a mack, I think ya ass fulla shit. It ain't the liquor talkin broad, who ya think ya foolin wit?. Any nigga off the street, he game, school the chick. A hoe is a hoe fa sho', and any shoe'll fit. Call it what you want, blunt lit in the club crunk. Drunk than a muh'fucker, split tryna cut somethin. Quick now us want somethin, and the broad lookin thick. Whattchu think he slicker than the liquor tryna move his dick?. Now hold up; what? Stop; huh?. Somebody roll the weed up, feet up. VIP lookin all G'd up, hair stay P'd up. Can't talk long gotta cut somethin, see ya. Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?. Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?. Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?. Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?. Nappy Roots, get it up at a sold out show. Cut her to, give it up when ya tho' that dough. Don't be playin no games, what I told that hoe. Forget her name, but she gone lemme cut that's all I know. Now I'm horny as a - pitbull. Some alcohol 'case I mess around and cut somethin. Get fooled, at the bar smoke somethin. It's cool, hit the telly, two hens in the whirlpool. Steady sippin on courvoisier. Ghetto type at the bar spittin the gossip-eh. That's all - lookin like Beyonce. Bout to cut, stuff brown in my cup . Hurry up dawg, tryna holla at these broads. Tell 'em I'm a playa, watch 'em cream in her drawers. Say I'm Randy Moss then her panties came off. Quicker than a wide receiver runnin out on a cross. Shake it off now. scratching till fade. . Sex out south-some hit in and out. Screamin n cussin-some bustin it out. Sex out south-some freaks comin out. Sex o s is what it's all about. . I got this bitch named Janae from Olathe. Baby girl was flavor. Bitch is in sexual favors. Told me I could take it. Got a fettish addicted to pain. Wanted me to choke her. While she sat on my dinck came. All over the sofa. But this hoe from the o she was cold. Didn't like to swallow it. A pull to the back of the throat. Kept a bitch from vomittin. She begged for a dick in her ass. Baby liked it anal. But my head was too big for her ass. So I used my fingers. Down to Dallas with Rita & Alice. White and Phillipino. One on my dick and one tossin my salad. Off in the casino. Real sex ain't got shit on these vets. Told em they could keep me. Even thought about writin the check. I'm coocoo for a threezy. To all em bitches and hoes that leave your life unexposed. You better peak this out south bitches as pros. If you don't know how it goes. You besta follow your nose. Get on some freak shit. Now follow as the story is told. It's like. I know you heard that I talk allota shit about a bitch. But I'm bout to swerve this time. Talk about a differnt kinda chick. The ones who love the dick constantly in an out. Even like to put it in her mouth. And I'm not talkin bout northbound bitches I'm talkin about those bitches down south. You can find em in the 's all the way to Grandview. You can get em up in Overland Park and Olathe. Thank you for the paper. Never given a fuck about what your bitch is thinking pety shit is second nature. Throw em in the mix nigga fuck em witha friend. They will be callin you so you can do it again. You ain't gotta spend ain't gotta pretend. Call her up and tell her you needa put it in. And not just white. There's hella beautiful back bitches. Give it from the back. They lovin the dick too. Down north women. They hate the bitch brew. I know you don't like what I'm sayin but it's true. And ya'll be fuckin the bitches like we be fuckin the bitches. We be out for the pussy and we rockin you bitches. Nothing you never could tall a nigga could be stoppin nigga. cause I ain't had enough of you bitches. Now sex down south. When you put it in her mouth. And you don't need help from hitch. You can find em in a house of six. Pretty damn thing with one and switch. Any other women hatin. Got a nigga waitin for that weak shit you pitch. Play that shit. The down bitch quit it sit down sweat it skited now bitch. I'm talkin bout chick set center. Where I'm from. St Theresa's, Bishop Hogan up in her. Hit me neos rustin n the ones I be tusslin with. Now I'm a get mine and I'm hopin you get get yours before I THROUGH. Cause cale be mackin them hoes fast. An if ya lucky ya be getcha a peice of evil ass WOOO. With the red bombs. Cause them the ones I love out south get my head gone. And they never wanna let me pull it out with the min on. So I'm pullin the rubber out. When I need it I'm takin the southern route. And it was late at night clutch your lady tight. Or me and my niggas out south. Get it with no dought. Sit it your mouth. If ya with it then baby let me hit it down south. Still I got too many bitches that I posed to me. And the ladys really lookin like they hoes to me. Like a lova. I got to get some more of her. Oochee koochie the way you do me. You really give it to me when we be under the cover. Felicia-O I'm glad to meet ya. But when you kiss this bitch they go balistic. They troublin for some head get to rockin the bed. Heard a southside screamin SOUTHSIDE. "When you were over in American Samoa, what surprised you the most?". "I guess what hit me the most was the condition of the factory that the workers were in. the factory was surrounded by a fence and barbed wire on top, and on the bottom. and they have a chain linked fence around the whole factory, and military compound. the gate has a guard shack where the guard sit there and  the worker movement. in and out of the factory, the factory made of tin panels, tin roof, it's really hot. the temperature over there is regularly ninety degrees, and inside the factory. it reach way over a hundred degrees". Yeah, it's a contemporary form of slavery, they call it slave labor. But they don't prosecute them 'cause it's how they make paper. When you rockin' that fly shit that's made in China. By an eight year old child tryin' to feed him mama. He exposed to contamination and disease. And only fifty-five percent of them will get degrees. And the women have to try to placate the boss. Because of sex discrimination in the labor force. The slave master only let them speak in sign language. And they sufferin' from lung disease and eye damage. Fourteen hour shifts, seven days a week. Two shitty meals a day, very little sleep. Human life only worth three cents an hour. All human rights lost, no sense of power. Workin' for a hundred years in the grave passes. Only the improved cleverness of slave masters. Is life worth livin' if you livin' in Hell?. When the mind is confined to a prisoner cell?. And the lies they devise and the system, it fail. But I expect the system to fail. Is life worth livin' if you livin' in Hell?. When the mind is confined to a prisoner cell?. And the lies they devise and the system, it fail. But I expect the system to fail. "Many Chinese workers are forced to sign secret agreements. known as "Shadow contracts" before they leave China. severely, and in some ways, illegally restricting their activities while on. American soil. workers are forbidden to participate in any religious or political. activities. or to ask for a salary increase, or even to fall in love or get married". It's  million people locked in jail. They the new slave labor force, trapped in Hell. They generate over a billion dollars worth of power. And only gettin' paid twenty cents an hour. They make clothes for McDonald's and for Applebee's. And workin' forty-hour shifts in prison factories. And while we sit around debatin' who the wack MC's. They have to work when arthritic pain attack the knees. Slavery's not illegal, that's a fuckin' lie. It's illegal, unless it's for conviction of a crime. The main objective is to get you in your fuckin' prime. And keep the prison full and not give you a fuckin' dime. But they the real criminal, keepin' you confined. For a petty crime, but they give you two-to-nine. And ain't nobody there to protect ya. Except a bunch of incompetent human rights inspectors. Is life worth livin' if you livin' in Hell?. When the mind is confined to a prisoner cell?. And the lies they devise and the system, it fail. But I expect the system to fail. Is life worth livin' if you livin' in Hell?. When the mind is confined to a prisoner cell?. And the lies they devise and the system, it fail. But I expect the system to fail. "The sweatshop situation kind of conveys it and kind of take advantage of. the people that are poor and at an economic disadvantage". "This Chinese woman made t-shirts and pants at the factory. until she became pregnant  says she refused to have the abortion. and has now been barred from entering the factory". "Allowing them to bring that onto US soil is a very big concern. we've now documented the fact that management coerces female workers. who become pregnant into having abortions". "Human rights workers say it's common practice". "Inside that factory, Chinese law applies, and Chinese law is supreme". Yeah, aight. kick the raw style, yeah. Fly that fuckin sack. Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga. Wu buck wild with the trigger. Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga. Wu buck- I FUCK yo' ass up What?.  One Ol Dirty Bastard, Method Man, Raekwon the Chef. Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut. Styles unbreakable, shatterproof. To the young youth, ya wanna get gun?  Shoot. BLAOW  How you like me now?  Don't fuck the style. Ruthless wild. Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked the FUCK out?. Wanna get on it like that, well then shout. Yo RZA, yo razor. Hit me with the major. The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor. Gunnin, hummin comin atcha. First I'm gonna getcha, once I gotcha, I gat-cha. You could never capture the Method Man's stature. For rhyme and for rapture, got niggaz resigning, now master. my style?  Never  I put the fucking buck in the wild kid, I'm terror. Razor sharp, I sever . the head from the shoulders, I'm better. than my compeda, you mean competitor, whadeva. Let's get together.  Wu buckwild with the tri-BLAOW]. I react so thick, I'm phat, and YO. Rae came blowing and blew off ya headphones black. Rap from yo Cali to Texas. Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to WRECK this. Brothers approach and half step, but ain't heard. HALF of it yet, and I bet you're not a fuckin vet. So, when you see me on the real, formin like Voltron. Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal.  Wu buck wild with the trigger.  Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga.  I'll FUCK YOUR ASS UP].  Two Ol Dirty Bastard. Yo. I come with that ol' loco. Style from my vocal. Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals. I'm no joker  Play me as a joker. Be on you like a house on fire  Smoke ya. Crews be actin like they gangs, anyway. Be like, "Warriors Come out and playiyay". Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea. Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea. Dirty, I keep shit stinks in my drawers. So I can get fzza-funky for yah. Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang RAHH. Here comes the Tiger  Crane. Ow, be like wild with my style. Punk  You playing me, chump, you get DUMPED. WU  Is comin THROUGH  At a theatre near YOU. And get funk like a SHOE. What?.  send correction to the typist. Often they blow your top. watch when they hold your jock. Shocked when they're not sold. Crouch and you lost composer. Soft for the hoes you're not stocked for the row. You walk for the hot shot wana cop and do lots of doser. She devil her greed level is hella high. Speed rebel exceed pedals with a devil's eye. They call girl and strip and all borough and trip. In y'all world and dip and all thorough and hip. Hustlers they sluts and drug smugglers. Money they double up throw that stuff up and bubble up. Best believe when I get you I'm bout to strap it down. Cuz when I'm tired I'm a tippied tired when ya cap it down. I gots to have it now. Tech Nne its a habit got to stab it I'm a savage hound. She devils are incredible out for thy dough. When the ??? is grille, X and tapes of Tae-Bo, yo.  She Devils in the house lemme here ya.  Off top I gots to get near ya. Today my wife left, I don't give a fuck. Bitch thats why I'm paying you  bucks . to suck, me and Kuniva, let this diabetic dick touch your saliva. I think I'm gone and crazy,  to . Ever since we've fucked. I've been coughing and loosing weight. Skank ho, trying to creep. Bitch pick up your son. he been at school for a week . You fucking freak trying to get the best of me. Kidnap your ass. leave you lost like Kelly without Destiny. You skank trick, you suck dick. Jason Williams . Shoot this dirty bitch. This devilist bitch is so succulent. Taking a piece of my soul every time. that I bust a nutt she's like a succubus. A nymphomanic laying me back on the filthy mattress. cum stains on it smelling like catfish. Still I hit it, yeah I did it. Her pussy travels. she doesn't have a pivot I remember when she was timid. Your scandalous ass taking a pass this cash. Got him on tape suckin your tit snortin and passing hash. I still had to grab that ass. Had to laugh at stories about your ragged ass maxi pads. You silly bitch, she used to be a nerdy bitch. Now she's in the backyard fucking  kids. Now besides being on X, and regardless me loving sex. We getting close to you lex, its grindin every kick. Fingers up your pussy, your hands rubbing my dick. As soon as my wife push me. Your man's fucking her trick. You don't care if she know I trip. But she's starting to get ??? to it. Cuz She's finding matches in my pockets that say I strip. Which means I might get caught. loose everything that I've brought. The house the kids and the car. I know this sounds bizarre. but we should give her a call. and see if she want in. That way its  way sex and we can all be friends. I know you done if before. don't act like you haven't whore. I'm about to loose my wife I can't afford a divorce. Fucking with your pussy is a handful . You think I'm drowning but I'm clowing. so basically bitch you a damn fool. And thats a given fact. plus I remember back when you was young. I could see  niggaz through your gap. And all of them was probably hitting that, thats embarrassing. You stuck with  children,  miscarrages. In and out of buildings, ain't carin' who it is. Fucking newly weds, didn't mean to do it but you did. Devil is she, she never to be . Credit to free its better that she . Even her apple. my cock unlock the keys to your asshole. Stop the plot through the freeze with my cash flow. Cock the glock at them ??? in the castle. Fresh out of school with a disease in the tassel. Skis in the satchel. You just my  thats the reason you stack dough. If I should die don't cry my niggas. just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas. And when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. get on my niggas when it's real. say word to Shawn my niggas. If I should die echoes. Don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas. in the middle of the trial I flip pies my niggas. I did joints with Mary J Blige my niggas. I've eluded the coppers got booted with Big Poppa. Skated through with the Ceasar Picadas. At high school got head by the lockers. gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers. rocked jewels dropped school still didn't fail. rhymes still written well hold court in the street. never sit in the cell for a second then I'm gettin' my bail. shoot it out with the bounty hunters fuck. sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me. everybody around us become one for that day. to live life get your shit right & play. Don't get it twisted like rays if I miss that's ok. but life's short don't miss a day uhh. If I should die don't cry my niggas. just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas. and when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. get on my niggas when it's real. say word to Shawn my niggas. If I should die. don't cry my niggas. it's been one hell of a ride my niggas. say word to Wais my niggas. when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. just keep gettin' it on my niggas. say word is bond my niggas. I got a lot to look back on in '. got my crack on ten years later gettin' my rap on. gettin' shorties like a thespian. had an episode with two lesbians got a fetish for that. drunk ginseng with Japanese chicks & pulled the root out. squeeze my whole clip to survive shootouts. been on both coasts fired all kinds of heat. probably be kinda glad to leave these mean streets. I got dead mens to meet and questions to fulfill. like is that mystery God real?. and how was Kennedy killed? I ain't mad. I must've smoked a ton of reefer sipped Coronas. with Latifah broke the code of Geneva. I know when I reach the other side I'ma see the. cat I had beef with who blood remains on my sneaker. then it's on again if I could be born again. I live my life through my son. and tell him never have a friend. just family reincarnated I'll show him the time. that I waited to get paid tell him never be afraid. niggas hearts pump Kool Aid and yo blood run thicker. never shed tears cry liquor my nigga. If I die don't cry my niggas. it's been one hell of a ride my niggas. say word to Wais my niggas. when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. just keep bangin' these songs my niggas. say word is bond my niggas. If I die. don't cry my niggas. just stay gettin' high my niggas. don't wonder why my niggas. when I'm gone live on my niggas. just follow my path my niggas. say word to Half my nigga. I'm the aftermath of pleasure never die alone. born to live forever through life's struggles. I cut corners & took drastic measures. see you niggas life expire right in front of me. time could never mend what these cold streets. mentally done to me too often I close my eyes. and see my own coffin feelin' haunted ready to leave. this world that I'm lost in my only chance. to see the seeds I lost through abortion. when I'm gone y'all niggas better not mourn. keep flossin' as long as my name. lives on what's most important. I'll be down in hell scorchin' preparin' for life. afterlife still torchin' & blazin' these mics. It'd rain for  days &  nights. & I'd return on the rd like Christ. without my physical portion. my spirit a poltergeist for sure. I'll be back through the heist tomorrow. blood over y'all fake niggas door. What you thought? [huh] . What you thought? [nigga]. If I should die don't cry my niggas. just stay gettin' high my niggas. don't wonder why my niggas. when I'm gone live on my niggas. just follow my path my niggas. say word to Half my nigga. When I die. don't cry my niggas. it's been one hell of a ride my niggas. say word to Wais my niggas. when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. just keep gettin it on my niggas. say word is bond my niggas. If I die. don't cry my niggas. just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas. and when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas. get on my niggas when it's real. say word to Shawn my niggas. If I should die. I'd tell Big they're still hearin' his songs. run into Pac ask him where we went wrong. tell him life is miserable when ya dealin' in the physical form. Is everything that's invisible gone?. I need to know will I still feel pain or will it be ironic?. Will I chill in the flames for all the ills of my brain?. Can I reveal the game to all the hustlers. trapped in the race and if so can I leave this place?. Can I puff cigars & drink Cristal?. If this is heaven to me is this considered heavenly?. Can I still touch lives answer they "whats & whys". make sure everybody in my fam' clutch five?. If I should die. don't cry my niggas. Catch up, niggas. Damn you fadin' hov, how you gave 'em that?. All the martika, with the alligator strap. Sick of y'all niggaz with ya now or later raps. Rap about it now, hope you get it later. Do a couple shows, hope you niggas is savin' up. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON. This particular watch be a one of one. That means none before it, none to come. The homie that's rappin' be the only one that has it. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON. You ain't heard? I push the sixes when the fives is out. You can't fight me, in the porsche I'll box you out. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON. We don't drive X's we give 'em to baby-mammas. Push the big top that shake like the canvas, chickens snackbox. I get it crackin' when I'm backing out the garage. A  drop farage, shutdown manhattan. Bucket low, like fuck it, though. Nights on, daytime, lights on, hell yeah I'm frontin' but you love it, though. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON  . Nigga I'm a check writer your royalty recievers. Y'all eaten off Pa Dem, on the low like a cesar. Pay ya taxes, you niggaz is husttlin' backwards. I cop and crash whips, Jay is a bastard. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON. How you want it, my jeans is . This ain't Diesel, nigga, these is Evisu. Top is rock, you know the rest. A big bucket of frozen water on my chest. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON. Get a crate, some crack, and some house slippers. A newspaper, look out boy, and get ya chips up. Or get a gun, a mask an escape route. Some ducktape'll make 'em take you to the house. And ma don't give him nothin', unless he treatin' you special. Soon he'll get desperate, and go down and bless you. And when he come up for air, with a mouth full of hair. Just grab your coach bag and get the fuck outta there, yeah. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON. Look, think big, fuck getting your nails done. Think cars, cribs, jewels, some shit for your son. Don't let 'em give you, hard dick and bubble gum. Make him cop the Lex bubble,  hon. I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON. And if your man got you bangin' up, it could be worse. It could all be simple but you'd rather make it hard. Loving you is like a battle we both end up scarred. Tell me who I have to be to get some reciprocity. No one loves you more than me and no one ever will. Is this just a silly game that forces you to act this way. Forces you to scream my name, then pretend, that you can't stay. Tell me who I have to be to get some reciprocity. No one loves you more than me and no one ever will. {Lauryn harmonizes}. No matter how I think we grow. You always seem to let me know. It ain't workin, it ain't workin, uhh. And when I try to walk away. You'd hurt yourself to make me stay. This is crazy, this is crazy. I keep letting you back in, how can I explain myself?. As crazy as this thing has been, I just can't be with no one else. I know what we've got to do, you let go I'll let go too. No one's hurt me more than you and no one ever will. Yo, y-yo, yo yo. I'm here now, not just because it's my year now. I'm clear now, only feelin cats that's sincere now. Heart of lioness, scientist, street Zionist. Don't twist it, it's consistantly consistent. If you missed it, this train is bound for glory. End of story, my whole repoitory is Psalm . They bomb for me. Thinkin they can mess with your plan, but I'ma play lamb. Knowin that the Kingdom's at hand, and showin those who want it. you gon' bring em the land, descendants of Ham. Not concerned with the platinum status. Cause every joint I threw, I would do for gratis. I'm on the train with my Pips like I'm lil Gladys. or in the Range throwin chips to the kids in Addis . Abbaba, two kids and and a baby father. Hot to lava, we Don Dadda, Don Dadda. No matter how I think we grow. You always seem to let me know. It ain't workin, it ain't workin. And when I try to walk away. You'd hurt yourself to make me stay. This is crazy, this is crazy. Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me. There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me. Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me. Give to me, give to me. Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me. There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me. Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me. Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?. Ohh noo why won't you live for me?. Whyhahhhihhhhhh, won't you live, for me, for me, for meeee. Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me. There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me. Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me. Give to meeeeeee. Give to meeeeeee. It could all be simple, but you'd rather make it harrrrrd. Old school players to new school fools. 'Kast keep it jumpin like kangaroos. but skew it on the bar-b we ain't tryin to lose. The common denominator, the nigga numerator. Never know who the hater, niggaz cater to your ego. I'm sorry like Atari whose the cousin to Coleco Vision. caught a Rico, back on the street like Chico DeBarge. he large and got a 'Llac in the garage. Few parts here and there, I declare hard, my lawd. One at Clark, one at Spelman. Both know each other and it's cool, you can tell when. he step off in the party women jump for joy. But all the wild niggaz scheamin they gon' jump the boy. for spittin all that bourgeoise, my watch, my car. Deliver this through your audio, ghetto mafioso. Grow hydro, then bag it up yo. Price that longevity, suggest make moves. slow take time grow eight, react nine blow. Hydro slide raw like fuck Renaldo. Fly ride though, shit lookin wild dope. then glide yo, flippin the page, I go. Watch five-oh, jump on my meat, ride slow. Watch those, undercovers, cop those, rock those. Glocks blows leave em baggy and collect spot grows. Keep a watch froze, lean on the yacht and wash clothes. Boi, I bust raps like D-boys bust gats, shit. We the type of people that don't bury the axe. or the hatchet, everytime we see your link we snatch it. Ridin round our hood talkin that dumb shit, your cabbage. is cracked, like plumber's ass, and summer's grass. I been in the game for a minute, seen some suckaz like y'all passin. thinkin you're light skinned, aight then, lil' boy why you frightened?. The Dungeon Family gon' be here nigga so keep writing. I gotta hit The Source, I need my other half a mic. because that _Southerplayalisticadillacmuzik_ was a classic, right. College Park, East Pointe and Decatur they got my back, so. We gon' keep on jammin and stabbin off in the track, ahh. Think it's time to bungee but buddy we will be back. and I'm fin' to put some D's on the 'Llac, know dat. Yo Jef, why don't you give me a hoopa beat or something, something I can go. to the park to,. yeah, there you go, allright, I like that, I like that,. it sound dope,. You wanna fight? come fight me,. I'll hit ya with the "wa-psh-psh-psh", see, see. I get dirty after dark, I'll treat like Speilberg,. you get your ass kicked in the park,. you don't beleive me, the proof is in the pudding,. little boy in the hood, way before Cuba Gooding,. I flip scrpits with the mad pa-style, freeze. music please,. I dribble rhymes like Basketball-ems,. people call me ET,. Extra-Tallems,. you better than Shaq-tack, fool, shut up liar,. I lean on the statue of liberty when I get tired,. than I'll punch you in the stomach, I don't give a heck,. yo, she breated on my neck,. people walk around like yall, they got charred,. but I'm big like Gorilla, -, large,. I kick rhymes like moduck-kwong you,. I smoke-smoke the mic-mic,. I Chech and Chong you,. you don't like Shaq, frankly I don't give a damn,. I know I got skills man, I know I got skills man,  . suprise, look who's back,. not a prize from a cracker jack,. look at that, it's Def Jef with the Shaq Attack,. flexin', I'll be crackin your back with the boom-boom-bap,. pass the mic over here, you ain't gon' want it back,. everybody said I got fat, yep, but so did my wallet,. still ripping rhymes and dropping bombs like Ali, Mohammed. do yourself a solid, don't flex, you go sex,. you know the time, get the hard hat, the rolex,. the way I see, if I was wack like you I'd be at me,. the way I hold it down, you'd swear my name was Gravity,. Def Jef with the funk, Def Jef don't front, you know how the name is spelt,. I'm making it vital, my title, fool, break yourself,. attack the track like Shaq on a whack broad,. coming up with the hits, and I'm coming down with the backboard,. don't fake the funk, just make the sound's up from the trunk,. the reason your tape didn't hit the deck is because your hits don't bump,. so get back, ain't no hassle, cause you ain't holding nuthin,. keep sticking around, you get beat down like you stole something,. sleep on me and the Shaq and ??? your own???, . cause I know I got skills man, I know I got skills man,.  . ah yeah, yall don't know nothing about this,. the Shaq man's in the arsenal,. what's up like that,. Double XL in the nine-ohs kid,. skills to make mills,. big up, Flava Unit, Funky Town, ya ??? large,. so check this out Shaq man, we gon' let this beat play right here, let all. the brothers and sister know. nah, nah, let me continue. I'm a be like D-Rock and see what's next on the menu,. mic-checka, the rim and rhyme wrecka,. rocks from here to Mecca,. boom shack-a-lak-a-lak-a,. I got a hand that'll rock ya cradle,. cream you like cheese, spread you on my bagle,. my Ford Explorer boomin' with the clumped-up funk,. all you jealous punks can't stop my dunks,. they're brand new like Heavy,. built like Chevy, Impala,. but Shaq's a smooth balla,. . I can hold my own,. knick-knack shaq-attack, give a dog a bone,. rhymin is like hoopin', I'm already a legend,. back in the days in the Fush-camp section,. used to kick rhymes like baby, baby, baby,. every once, every twice, three times a lady,. is what I listend to, riding with my moms,. how you like me now? I drop bombs,. when you see me, please tap my hands,. I know I got skills man, I know I got skills man.  . I'd like to give a shout-out to my boy Uzi, Def Jef, Little Swany, Meech,. Ron Mac, and my other cousin Ron,. this is another rough shot from the arsenal,. and you know what booty rappers, stay booty,. ha-ha-ha, and we out,. ahhh ha ha ha ha,. ahhhhh ha ha ha ha,. ahhhhpsyche. . The Nacirema Dream is here Papoose the lyrical one. The last time, he flipped alphabetical slaughter from a to z. This time, he's gonna flip it, z to a. And you know what We so ill with it, we gonna re the beat too. Papoose let's go Z.  Z zag zig Zimbabwean Zambian Zaire's. Zodiac zonin Zulu zian zappin zillion zillionaire.  Yo you yeah Yesterday's youth yearnin your ying. You yellow belly yankee ying yang yellin yes men  .  XX-rated, X-African X-Men. X-Leaders X-Clearance X Malcolm, X-Clan.  We want war World war world wide warnin. Walkin with weapons we wackin walkie talkie wearin wardens . We with whatever what what wildin whatever war went. Warlock warpath warfare warriors with warrants. Wasting white wine, wearin Wu-Wear with wallabies. Why would we waste words? We weakenin wigs wobbly.  Vengeful villains, vandalize villages viciously. Vandervere Van-Dyke, very violent vicinities . Vindictive vigilantes voicing victorious s vigorously . Vocabulary and visualizin vividly.  Usin unruly utilities, unappreciated. Unstoppable underdog, unequally underrated . Usually unlockin unloadin undertaken. Unconditional Uncle Toms, unconstitutional understatement. Until undercovers unchain us, underhand. Untouchable urban underground underboss understand?.  Ten O'clock Tuesday Tahoe travelin through traffic. Two thievin teenagers tailgaitin, talking tragic. Tough talk turn to tragedy two teflons thrown. They try to take the TV, the touch-tone telephone . Tense thinking thoroughly, thus Tuesday turned trife. Tried to total they truck, triggered the trey deuce twice. They tracin Tahoe tracks touchin they toast tight. Took two triple teks, then turned towards the turnpike. Transmission thumpin, tough thoughts, thinkin temperament. Tires turnin, time tickin Timberland's tremblin. Thugacated though, therefore tarnished their tissues. The tefs targeted they torsos, tore through they temples.  Scalpin sacrificed Sampson's strength, soul slashin. Stainless steel slug shatterin skulls, skull smashin. Street soldier, strive stricken six shy siblings. Sparkin street sweepers severin stomachs, side splittin. Silencers snipin suspects seemin suspicious. Shootin shotgun shells shell shockin shivery snitches. Sendin slug showers sharpenin shanks, stabbin swine . Snappin spines stickin stupid stool pigeons, snatchin shines. Superior scientist structurin Shakespeare sentences. Study symbolic stars smart solar system specialist. Supreme species, sire Satan's second sin. Such savage secret society segregated separatist .  Represent, real regulators reflect. Raneesha resurrected ran ran recycled respect. Remindin relatives realism really resets. Reproduction res red rum, recollect. Reputation rebels randomly repeatin Russian roulette . Rugers rapidly ricochetin revolvers rec. Real recognize real rugged renegades rep. Riff raff rah rah ravin raggedy rappers repent. Raisin rifles razor rippin renegades regulatin.  Quarrelin quick quittin quiet quaaludes perpetratin.  Penetrate pussy, pass punks pushin put put paths. Pull precisely pisces, puff puff pass. Pigmentation police prowlers prowlin patrol. Politicians plain pig plotted proposals proposed. Politics prepare presidential polls. Persecutin penitentiaries political prisoners, prolong parole. Pure poet, plus professional professionalist. Pushin platinum plaques, purposely producin presidents  . Paintin Picasso pictures, printin perfect penmanship. Pen paper pencil packin paragraph predicates . Prophecy possibly predicted plantation pilgrimage. Prodigy properly preparatin parallel pyramids. Pinpoint perspective, pickin pigs. Picture Papoose poppin Pataki? Pure point blank privilege   .  Orthodox opportunist oein opticals. Over observin opposition overcomin obstacles. Ounce overload often obtainin o's outdoors. Outrageous outspoken outstandin outlaw.  Negative Negro naturally nicotine needers. Notorious niggas nickname nickels nines Ninas  . Nugget necklace niggas navigatin navigators. Nonchalant notion notebook novel narrator.  Magnificent music makin marvelous mahogany. Mashin miscellaneous mockery monotony. Millionaire moves modestly monopoly. Masons made majority minority. Mental molecule measurer, muslim mosque minister. Muhammad's most masterful messenger. Militant mercenary merciless. Magazine millimeter marksman, murder motive murderous. Mailin Muss money, Mussolini my main man. Mafia marijuana maniac man made made man.  Listen, lavish life livin long lastin. L's lingerin lunchin lobster, laughin. Lawyers lie logically law library literate. Latex lapdance lover, lust ladies limitless. Long literature lyricist. Liftin levers launchin lasers lollygaggin lames loosin ligaments.  Kingdom key, Klan killer Ku-Klux Klan killin. Kidnap kindergarten Klan kids kidney kickin. Keen kilogram kilo kitchen kernel.  Jewel jottin journalist joyless jam jottin journal. Jets jersey jaguar jiggery jealousy. Junior jooksmen jerks jumps jooks jealously. Jooks Jack jacket jeans jewelry. Jackass judicial judge jailin juveniles, justifyin jeopardy.  Imposters ice invalid. Ice grill, iceberg igloo ice, I'm illmatic. Incognito individual, illustratin indicatin. Illustrious ideas incinuatin . Informants informin interrogatin incriminatin. Immortal industry ingenious inspiratin. Ignited ignition intimidatin. Interstate intersection impulse impact is innovatin.  Holiday high humiliatin hot head humblin. Handcuff hastler harsh hollow hoverin. Halfwit half heart hideous homos huddlin. Hard headed hard hearted hungry, henchmen hustlin.  Guzzlin, Guinness government gimmicks. Gully gliss gymnast, gutterness givin, gunner grip grippin. Glorifyin glamorous great gold glaciers. Givin G's guns gladly gangstas give gangstas.  Fugitive, far from fearful fuck fear. Fighters following far fetched forefront frontiers.  Elevatin editorial educator educatin. Emancipatin esophagus elaboratin.  Diamond dressed don dominatin. Double daughter dad Dejanue, Destiny, dictatin.  Carefully creatin, Brooknam  big bill breakin. Bed-Stuy, Brownsville bang bangin . Til the sun come, oh aye. We go all night when we raving. And we don't stop, no way. Di place turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang di bass. Di place turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Major Lazer mash up di dance. Jump. Jump Jump. Jump Jump. Oh yea, fall over me. Tell dem gyal dem come over there. Drink some rum, might fall over there. Party time, can fall over me. Boy, same put on di bounce. This place on, can turn up my song. Tell dem boy dem wind pon di low. Jump into di place. Turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang di bass. Di place turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Major Lazer mash up di dance. When the sound bang we gon party. Til the sun come, oh aye. We go all night when we raving. And we don't stop, no way. Boy, turn up di bass. Tell dem gyal dem turn up the place. Drinks around, man mash up the place. Wind now, wind now, woke up the rest. Oh Say wind em about. This place on, can turn up my song. Tell dem boy dem wind pon di low. Jump into di place. Turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang di bass. Di place turn up when di sound bang. Turn up when di sound bang. Major Lazer mash up di dance. When the sound bang we gon party. Til the sun come, oh aye. We go all night when we raving. And we don't stop, no way. . Word. Pretty Lou. MrCheeks. Spigg Nice. Big Things. LB. We get dough. Stay getting money from the way we spit flow. Ain't nothing new man we did this from the get go. Them LB joints from the past still the shit yo. What's the verdict cousin people asking. When y'all coming with the flavor that be lasting. And if the y needed it believe they need it now. Love us ghetto classy niggaz and our weeded style. Do your thing don't let them steal another word from y'all. Since the passing of  Tah we haven't heard from y'all. We've been in the lab making sure it goes. Real proper while we're working on these store- in shows. Ain't nothing changed it's still the same shit. I kept the South Jamaica flavor that I came with. Entered the game with my timbs and harrts on. I signed a record deal I sung the boulevard song. I'm still writing, I know we're trendsetters. But it still feels like these motherfuckers is still biting. It's not exciting this the way we go. Keep it ghetto nigga that's just the way we flow. What's up my name is Spigg I live the ghetto life. Got me in the club spitting with my ghetto wife. How you want to do it slow or fast flow. Bet won't think that my semi-auto mac blow. Yo bring me back home the tracks and the cash flow. Told them cats got something for that ass yo. We always knew we had it you fuckers be's not. It's a habit got feathers like a peacock. Y'all think y'all phat y'all not you know the story and the bass line. Don't let me take mine flirting with the waist line. And if it takes nine damn it I'm gonna take mine. You know the game ain't the same until you face crime. Yeah you heard we in the lab again while most of y'all babbling. Talk about you're traveling you need a good paddling. Quit the chattering pointing fingers at him and. Back streets LB Fam in the house and yeah we back again. Making hot shit we prepare it all. Corny fuckers talking yeah we hear it all. It's LB nigga and yo we back at it. Now if these tracks was a drug well I'm a crack addict. Man I gots to have it, it makes me feel better. We big boys sitting been getting real cheddar. Recognize the real when it comes through. We get our scoop from the streets we from the slums too. To all my ghetto rich niggaz if you play here. Keep your guns up on the side they don't play fair. I read my daily scripture it makes my soul richer. It's LB to the death so then I'll roll with you. Uh, yeah, mmmm. William H niggas. Holla, yeah, yo. That's why I, squeeze first ask quesions last. That's how most of these so called gangstas pass. I, squeeze first ask questions last. Cuz when I pull up, always pop, that's why I'm livin today. Yo, when I meet ya, I heat ya down. When I greet ya, meet ya with pound. Not the handshake, but the kind that make ya demand a wake. The kind that put land over your face. I pop ya, let doctors stitch ya. I-N-F-R-A, will not miss ya. I move light, like my shoes too tight. Leave niggas confused from the day to the night. At night, see the light, when the pistol's sparkin. Daytime it gets dark when that pistol barkin. I keep cash 'case cops arrest me. 'case kids kidnap me, kids could get back me. You shall repent 'fore you spend a red cent. If not you, somebody of close descent. Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he. Face a thousand deaths from Mr Shawn Correy. Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult. Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke. And y'all choke motherfuckers. I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he. Face a thousand deaths from Mr Shawn Correy. Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult. Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke. Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he. Face a thousand deaths from Mr Shawn Correy. Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult. Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke. And y'all choke niggas. Y'all don't understand. I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he. Face a thousand deaths from Mr Shawn Correy. Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult. Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke. Y'all choke niggas. See when I'm low in digits, I push blow in a blizzard. I'm a player for real, I post and pivot. Coke distribute, be where the ghostes visit. Where the demons live, shit my scene is vivid. Squeamish kids, y'all get the fuck outta this . It's about to get so obscene in a minute. I seen and live it, I did some things I admit it. Wasn't proud of it, but I was a child fuck it. Kept a pow tucked in a brown belt. Couldn't sit down, big gun kept stickin my pelvis. Shit it was either that or be livin wit Elvis. Niggas is jealous, hell is hot, you heard X. Wanted to tell God that I don't deserve this. Was afraid that he'd tell me I deserve less. My life was nervous, you haven't heard stress. Til you heard the cries of my mama, me givin her drama. Told her I aint promised tomorrow, gotta live for the day. And before she could say Jay. I was out the door, pouch full of raw, a outlaw mentality. Men gotta do men things for men salary. Bad Boy, not Puff or Mike Lowery, damn BIG woulda been proud of me. Ahh shit man. Young Hova ya heard?. Who could fuck wit him?. . Hey we need to stay together girl. Think about it. There was something about me and you girl. Look here. When God created human beings. I bet he didn't think of bombs and things. I bet he wonders why. Just like I never imagined it would be anything between you and me. I know 'cause I cry. I cry. . You were my sunrays. Without you girl there was no days. Never dreamt to speak the phrase. But what the fuck just happened. You were the heart I owned. The beat just like a metronome. Can't breathe my heart is gone. Now what the fuck just happened. What just happened girl. Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless. But if you shoot me, then you're famous -- what's a ngga to do?. When the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking. Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake. Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted. But my time is money, at twenty-five, I can't afford it. Beef is sorted like Godiva, chocolates. Nggaz you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it. Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass. This rhyme, you're operating on fck time. Y'all nggaz ain't worth my shells, all y'all nggaz. tryin to do is hurt my sales, and stop trips to John McNale. The type to start a beef then, run to the cops. When I see you in the street got, one in the drop. When I'd rather be on tour gettin a, hundred a pop. Taking pictures with some btches, in front of the drop. The streets is watching. When the, streets is watching. Blocks keep clocking. Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake. Can't ignore it. Now it's hard not to kill nggaz. It's like a full time job not to kill nggaz, can't chill. the streets is watchin when you froze your arms. Nggaz wanna test you and your gun goes warm. Can't get caught with your feet up, gotta keep your heat up. Sweet nggaz running 'round swearing sht is sweeter. Once you're tagged lame the game is follow the leader. Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer. Kidnap nggaz wanna steal ya. Broke nggaz want no cash, they just wanna kill ya. for the name, nggaz don't know the rules. Disrespectin the game, want you to blow your cool. Force your hand, of course that man's plottin. Smarten up, the streets is watchin, it's on. My street mentality flip bricks forever, know me and money. we like armed co-defendants, ngga we stick together. Sht whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground. Hustle harder to see it if indictment time came around. And you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found. Put in twenty-four hour shifts but, that ain't me now. Got a face too easy to trace, nggaz mouths got slow leaks. Had to hide between my workers, couldn't play those streets. She out of space like Mercury you jerkin me?  Hectic. Had to call upon my wolves to send, nggaz the message. I said this 'Let's play fair and we can stay here. I'm trying to transform you Boyz II Men like daycare'. Hey there's money to be made and, nggaz got the picture. Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer. Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff. had warrants, the other half, in the casket lay dormant. I felt like life was cheating me, for the first time. in my life I was getting money but it was like my concious was eating me. Was this a lesson God teaching me?  Was he saying that?. I'm playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back. like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mindframe bad. Was nggaz thinkin simplify was turning cocaine crack?. Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack. and not collide like two trains that's on the same track         . But, get my life together like the oars I bring back. In the bottom of the pot where no, water gets hot. Got my transporter take it 'cross the border then stop. To set up shop with a quarter of rock - here's the plan. For three straight weeks, nggaz slaughtered the block. But you know the game is 'lluted, fcked up me and my dues. One drop can wipe a ngga out, faster than the cops. and this unstable way of living just, had to stop. Half of my nggaz got time, we done real things. By ninety-four became the subject of half of y'all nggaz rhymes. Public apoligies to the families of those caught up in my street. But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in the streets. The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime. And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind. I figured, 'Sht why risk myself I just write it in rhymes. And let you feel me, and if you don't like it then fine'. The mindstate, of a ngga who boosted the crime rate. so high in one city they send National Guards to get me. Well I guess I'm up and at 'em and I'm ask a say. I'm goin and strollin this typical day. So I can go Mother may I? No I may stay. Okay, straight to the back and I'm out. Anyway they step to war bounds. More than can each and all my posse makes crazy pounds. Live from Diego to Shabone and that new kid Dave. He had a willy doe, my afro he did save. This kid waited crazy long for a cut and shouted. "I do crave" . Yeah mischief ran through my head, guess what?. My clipper's are broke, I guess I treat 'em like a nut. He choose to do a capoof my through the scald. Oops My bad chief ya half bald. In a mirror he looked, side to side his head shiftin. Stop wishin, til he knew. Now this mistake I bettered from, yeah trust me now. Come come and take a pick from the barber Mr Roc. It was the least and last strength, mmmmm. Then again sneaky might I get. Only thin patience in your heart is set. If patient, then me a cut patient G. And I'll seek to get it done in a jiffy. You know it's Serch ass cut the -R-D-B. I set sounds quick then you draw til I can sees it. Draw X, Sub, the barber is you. My sight's sketch when I off hand, you can do. By this compliment I became conceded. I said I cannot be topped, another cut completed. I said with no heso and stopped. Just to be blocked by the words he did amount to say. This is the mission of the dayin fact, it's the mission. This is the mission of the dayin fact, it's the mission. This is the mission of the dayin fact, it's the mission. This is the mission of the day. Again and again I go to guess where or when. Is this mad mission's gonna end?. And so a new trend will begin and bent ya soul to the bone. KMD rocks styles of they own. I beg ya pardon? me and five friend and we race. Culture person, people think I may be place. went out to here but he Sub's in town. Come in my face we go rounds. I study I Self And Master.  help me out I'm hazy. Oh ZLX gimme a pause. Crazy and tamper with the uni, yeah that's me. Take your choice but the voice you choose. You be more than fat, cuz the noise is thick. And that gets picked quick in twos. Goin for self ya best to sip booze. Who will lose to fall when they know what stood?. How now they all seperate ill from good. He said it loud and that they should cup. The whole crowd was proud and then learned to book up. Cook up, better look it up, take a peek where ya stand. With a Nubians hand, ya strange in this land. Oh yeah but fight I'll judge the fruit. I don't care of it, not a bit, don't hand me that shoe. I'll help to shape and mold. my boys before dips is turned to stone. And then I can escape to a world of my own. This is the mission of today, in fact . Who that? Come in. When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell. Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell. It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies. Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies. God will probably have me on some real strict shit. No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked. Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise. Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice. All my life I been considered as the worst. Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse. Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion. I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion. She don't even love me like she did when I was younger. Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger. I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?. Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies. My babies' mothers  months, her little sister's . Who's to blame for both of them . I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit. Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit. And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red. I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddah head. The stress is buildin' up, I can't,. I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind. I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me. Naw you wouldn't understand . You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack. Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back. Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet. People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me. My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone. She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on. I reach my peak, I can't speak,. call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak. I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin',. matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'. . Yeah, Vinnie Paz, baby, they call me Louie Dogs. Jedi Mind Tricks, Philly, Italiano mobbin' on you. This is murder rap, I'll burn his back and push your sternum back. And have the doctor cover your head just like a turban wrap. A certain fact, you'll be prayin' on a Persian mat. Or hopin' Jesus or the police's bring the person back. I'm not the type of mutha fucka that's concerned with that. I only been in love once, then I learned from that. A ride or die bitch, said she'd never turn her back. Take these bullets with you to Hell, you dirty rat. Speakin' to me sideways, you get hurt for that. You gonna make me bring the Hologramic s back. I'll put my fist into the ground, that's where the earth is cracked. Love is gone inside my heart, now it's a purplish black. You a clown rapper, just a circus act. But Vinnie rap like when fifty fuckin' Kurds attack. Who your group, daddy? I ain't never heard of that. Vinnie Paz, Hologram, where the purple at, fuckin' maggots, yeah. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. It's a Suicide if you feel we soft. We the truth inside, if you feel you lost. And the truth don't lie, 'cause we still the boss. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. It's a Suicide if you feel we soft. We the truth inside, if you feel you lost. And the truth don't lie, 'cause we still the boss. Yeah, the heavy metal king, my lyrical an incredible thing. And I'm the forces in the four-chord pendulum swing. And anyway you wanna look at it, I send pain. And now they got you in the third density end game. That's why these men came, we rap saviors. Who tryin' to waken you from your spiritual laziness. I'm thinkin' outside the box from now on. Like different ways that I can kill the cop from now on. During day is when I used to sell boom to the tenants. And at night with dark shinin' and hallucinogenics. That's when I let the fight in me pass through. And when I let the spiritual light in me pass through. I guess this just somethin' that come when you grown. Like the positive and negative that come with the throne. But, fuck it, I'm stone, Pazienza the great wall. I'll be back, but now I'm drinkin' my  Ball. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. It's a Suicide if you feel we soft. We the truth inside, if you feel you lost. And the truth don't lie, 'cause we still the boss. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. It's a"Suicide is a Suicide". Yeah, I'm a new disease, drinkin' a , rockin' Judas Priest. I'm strong as ?, put you in your blueish fleece. You never see a pig around me like a Jewish feast. And every single fuckin' member in my crew a beast. But y'all should know by now the type of shit I'm on. Like, does the New Testament contradict the Qu'ran?. Does every Muslim in the world come equipped with a bomb?. Does every rap video have a chick in a thong?. I don't know if we livin' no more. I don't know if Pazienza even driven no more. Uppercut, right cross on the tip of the jaw. He a crumb, daddy, dump a fuckin' clip in the boy. And the man is the offspring of the weak. Like the lamb is the offspring of the sheep. We gonna grind 'til we seein' the fame. With a stronghold baby, 'cause I'm bleedin' the game. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. Ha, ha, Louie Dogs, Jedi Mind Tricks. We the truth inside, if you feel you lost. Enemy of Mankind on the track, what's the deal, baby?. We gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off. Vocab, where you at? Warchild, my man. We the truth inside, if you feel you lost. My brother Stoupe, that's how we get down. It's murder rap, yeah, they call me Vinnie Paz. Louie Dogs, it's dirty, baby, it's our fuckin' year. I'm tryin' to shine, baby, tryin' to feed the fam. Ha, ha, yeah. . This is sumtn'  urrbody get yo' hands up. On the grind, money on yo' mind get yo' grands up. If you on top getting hella guap stand up. If you on da corner you a goner home and man up. This is sumtn' for all my peeps on da East Side. A lil sumtn' for my G's on the West Side. Now if ya want it we on it dog, ya know how it is. We're with the illest and realest killers, we handle our biz. Let's get it, rahh. Y'all hear that big trunk bumpin', yeah that's Runt Dawg. System knock harder than the cops at your front door. Muhfuckas always talkin' tough like they want war. Matta fact next nigga stunt gon' get dumped on. Yeah, Dawg home. I break your jaw bone. And the ' make you lose more weight than Star Jones. Rappers don't come to Jers'. Gun under my undershirt. I'm hollerin' "Gilla House" drunk off the Thunderbird. My bitch be like, "Damn nigga wash yo' feet". She say the hair on my chest look like taco meat. Shit, two hammers. Make your whole crew vanish. I'm a animal in front of Channel  news cameras. Bitch I'm like John Wayne. Shot like LeBron James. The chrome fo'-fo' pretty like Ricky Fontaine. My gorillas kill a man. We thicker than. That wic check peanut butter that come in that big silver can. Fuck it let's make it hot. I'm reppin' for all my blocks. Duckin', dippin' the cops. Ready runnin' the dock. Icarus in his sock. We comin' straight from the bottom going straight to the top. These haters want us to stop. Groupies is on our cock. Cuz they know it's going down like I'm Young Joc. But I'm not. Ready Roc. Keep the pistol grip. This some official shit. Brick city keep it wrapped like a Christmas gift. Yo, eh yo cock it back click-click-click Hey. It's Dr Bombay. Sick flow, get your Medicaid. And I'm like Hey. My hometown is NJ. Eyes redder than Reynaldo Rey. I just blaze. And I'm a soldier, better follow the leader. And for guap I even smack kids like Madea. I'm for re-a'. Your boy is tight. You got weed? Nigga show ya right. Gimme a light. Icadon nigga I got the semi with the lens. I'm in Bushwick, Brooklyn lookin' pretty in the Benz. Ghostwriter, got the spirit of Biggie in my pen. Funk Doc said it's time to go, Gilla begins. Icadon, you probably saw me leanin' in the B-M'er. Fly nigga, baby my socks be up in the cleaners. In the club with twin bitches steamin' on my reefer. They both go at my balls like Venus and Serena. What's good?. Nigga I double. My trouble. Through a war, price bubble. Half dog and half gorilla, get a tight muzzle. I shut you down like Smith infrared light gun do. My Mrs Smith'll have you turn over that ice bundle. Cadillac Devilles look right with that . Comin' through yo' speakers like my ice cream . I shoot a bazooka not pipe dreams . My name is Saukrates get yo' hands up Gilla House. This is sumtn'  urrbody get yo' hands up, hands up. Wait a minute, you can't see the tape?. FDR check him out, like he's some little freak.  No, no, man, you wait a minute, mister. I mean, lady, ya'll be showing people how you down with breakin'. And that's bullshit, because you ain't down with nothing. And you man, you was looking so proud. I found that nigga myself, do I get a A, teacher?. You just like all the biters, you just take a bite and leave the rest. Sunny, yesterday my life, was filled with rain. Money, the day we got it right, I feel the change. Nigga, I got it right today, I feel the change. Yesterday the rain drops fell over my brain. Sunny, the dark clouds have me blind. The ways of your sun rays I had to find. Money, we got it right this time. My brother spared a dime, while the note prepare to rhyme. Hoping the elevator world beyond with Melachi and Keyon. The stars bring big change, the young commode. The hot to cold, next day, the same, just we will remain. On another plane, doing our thing, West Coast, Wu-Tang. It's sunny in the future from the past. Gradually getting greener, on the grass and cash. We getting money now, making dollars and cents. The present tense of hits, convince evidence. The whole world seem brighter, for Dudley-do-Right. The survivor gauge, triple stage lighter. Today I feel a change, yesterday. I felt the rain drop on my dame, I can't complain. I rock wheels like Judge Mills Lane. And Frankie Lymon and Neil Diamond when the sun came. Big faces, bitch chasing, mind scaping. Time changing, sunny, raining. I stay aiming for a higher position. Man wishing, dishing out them blind eyed missions. Equipped in all areas, my bars bury ya. Especially if you scared of the truth . Northstar stay knocking down ya roof. Rocking muthafuckas with the new world proof. You snooze, you lose, you always get bruised. Fucking with the ultimate rules. And the North don't play that shit. Stupid bitches try and play that shit, and get hit. So let me zone with my NS, the core. While ya'll feel the sunshine of the world we born. The children of the corn, on the swarm, getting warm. Yesterday, my rose had a thorn. Today, the way the window pane reflect. The sun ray, rain, is a bygone thing. Listen, one lip, and you can observe change. The block won't stop calling me and Lil' Zane. Me and my peeps, we drink Henny, and flow til we brethrens. Like that Xzibit title, on they daily basis we Restless. In fact, check this, we the new Wizards like Jordan. Henchforth, is the North, cuz most of these other clicks is boring. Half assed and washed up, mad, cuz we popped up. Doing it our way, like some young Frank Sinatra's. And now, slow down on the strip, now we spitting it hard. Just like that brother I killed, what, we from niggas to Gods. . Yeah, yeah, awww, yeah. Yeah, yeah, awww, yeah. Yeah, yeah, awww, yeah. Yeah, yeah, who am I?. I be the super star, nigga. Champagne caviar, nigga, chaffeur, fetch a car, nigga. You better be a star, nigga. No matter who you are, nigga, Northstar, nigga. You better be a star, nigga. Duma Ashkabar, nigga, young black czar, nigga. Jam and jelly at the jar, nigga. So approach me that's so far, nigga, where the blood pour, nigga. Make 'em all scream "that's our nigga". You better be a star, nigga, play the guitar, nigga. Bet the celly in the car, nigga. Smoke the cigar, you better be large, nigga. Meko get all up in ya . Stay bending corners in the summer, in the winter. Another winner, with a proper education. You in violation, going against the black nation . Multiplications of the world's inflation. Got young kids and old men free basing. I stay adjacent to the word in the streets. Rocking muthafuckas with the Northstar heat. So let me take you on a narrow ass language. Some caught flame cuz they couldn't change the game. Cuz shit gets strange in the street. I'm a Long Beach nigga, with Long Beach heat. I got a, groove with the demo, I done, wrote in the memo. I done, fucked with Jay Leno, I done, fucked bad hoes. I done, done the shows, I done, done the crimes. I done, done the time, I done, sip the wine. I done, fucked the dimes, I done, toke the nine. She came tail along with song, by the way you flood the call. Better up in the club, he know I'm buying out the bar. Eating the finest foods like caviar, but still a street star. Fly TV's in the whip, fly TV bitches on my dick. And I ain't gotta spit, they know what I'm chirping with. Yo, I'm a super, super, star, bitch. We at the bar, so fuck who you are. And pull toasters, stand a toast at the bar. Our reputation is incomparable, match the scar. That's for all, something nice and all, getting the mic from moss. Ain't enough bitches in the world could fuck me. Ain't enough lips in the world can suck me. Ain't enough drunks, trust me, in this crystal game. My sister seen the pricest things and icey rings. And delight the scene, only write, what I've seen. Regardless what I seen, the hardest dream. Muthafuckas wanna bite you from your center thing. That's why I bring the sticky hen, that hangs up a chinky man. Sun glasses wanna train on dime piece asses. Fuck partying, a lot of crashes. I'm back in pulling guns out of stashes. You can't splash on the splashes. . Whoo. We on fire tonight. Whoo. Yeah, we on fire tonight. Whoo. Black Star in the house fo' sho'	. Yo, now everybody go		. Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	. Bay-b get involved go side to side	. Side to side				. 'Bout to slap box with the beat. The shit I spit is a snapshot of the street. You can see the crack spot in the backdrop. The heat in the stash box of the black drop. You wonder why there's more crime. Free food, or a check the only time niggaz on line. Getting information from the nigga-net. The trickle-down theory guess it ain't reached niggaz yet. I make a bigger bet. Kweli 'bout to be a bigger threat. 'Cuz there's hardly any real niggaz left	. What the fuck these niggaz talking 'bout. Living a movie but the audience is walking out. I fight the temptation to rip the heart from your chest. 'Til there's only five hard beats left. It's like a dead man walking. I turn on the radio and I hear dead men talking. Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	. Bay-b get involved go side to side	. Yo'. I got my headphones up like I'm listening close. Face blank with expression it isn't a joke. Start fire, sit back and spit its smoke. To get it provoked, blow it back to get in your throat. Mad problemsTake all the niggaz you know. Add that number up with every nigga you don't. Final number, some total of the niggaz that won't. Break me down, shake me of my fame, my style. What time it is, crew you can hate me now. And ten minutes from then you gon' love me again. Buck town republic again. Writing on the wall trouble again. Intensify struggle and such. Killers, Sad lovers deluxe. Sound garnered, for the wild hearted. Downtrodden, up-starters. Young violent, uprising. Cocaine, and gunpowder. Up north, or bus crowded. Daily vibes to thug mountain. Cold caves or peaks of high. Think you present but unclear, and know how to hide. If you wonder why you got so much on your mind. 'Cuz your living in a troubling time, this is a puzzling time. Fall back without recovering time, and time's up. Brooklyn, put your dimes up. {Mos Def}. I put feeling inside of my rap. Hold it down for my side of the map. No matter what north, south east or west side of the mat. Bend a needle on the mind and it's back. {Talib Kweli}. Got a problem with that?. The holler back and the stars is black. We the New Era you just a Starter cap. Find out what happens when the artist in tact. Be sharp as a tack, fall back you smarter than that. {Mos Def}. Or perhaps you just ain't as smart as you think. Figure 'n on the thin ice part of the rink. You a vessel that's promised to sink. Terra Firma ain't as hard as you think. Stare down, and you starting to blink. {Talib Kweli}. Like  this for fellas and the ladies who. Don't need to be spoon fed like baby food. I take a bite out the track like a Sabre-tooth. And spit out the truth. 'Til the cops come and spray the booth. Its all right with you its all right with me		. Do the damn thing what you wanna be		. That's right, that's right that's right that's right 		. That's right, that's right that's right that's right 	. . Yo hip-hop, started out in the heart. Uh-huh, yo. Now everybody tryin to chart. Say what?  Hip-Hop, started out in the heart. Yo, now everybody tryin to chart. C'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon, uhh. C'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. How come we ain't gettin no higher?. Now tell me your philosophy. on exactly what an artist should be. Should they be someone with prosperity. and no concept of reality?. Now, who you know without any flaws?. That lives above the spiritual laws?. And does anything they feel just because. there's always someone there who'll applaud?. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. How come we ain't gettin no higher?. I know you think that you've got it all. And by making other people feel small. makes you think you're unable to fall. But when you do, who you gonna call?. See what you give is just what you get. I know it hasn't hit you yet. Now I don't mean to get you upset. But every cause has an effect  Uh-huh. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. So how come we ain't gettin no higher?. I cross sands in distant lands, made plans with the sheiks. Why you beef with freaks as my album sales peak?  Uhh. All I wanted was to sell like five hundred. and be a Ghetto Supastar since my first album _Blunted_. I used to work at Foot Locker, they fired me and fronted. or I quitted, now I spit it -- however do you want it. Now you get it, writing rhymes, in the Range, with the frames. lightly tinted, then send it to your blcok to have my full name. cemented   And if your lines sound like mine. I'm taking a percentage  Unprecedented, and still respected. when it's finished, I'm serious, I'm takin over areas in Aquarius. Runnin red lights with my ten thousand chariots. Just as Christ was a Superstar, you stupid, Star. They hail you then nail you, no matter who you are. They'll make you now then take you down, and make you face it. If you slit the bag open, put your pinky in it and taste it. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. So how come we ain't gettin no higher?. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. So how come we ain't gettin no higher?. C'mon baby light my fire. Everything you drop is so tired. Music is supposed to inspire. So how come we ain't gettin no higher?. By dawn's early light. I shine brighter than the stars in the night. And 'bout ready for a fight. Come noon, I've consumed enough juice. To cut loose and throw a mic to the moon. Since I'm the sun, I'll make you one, it's all for fun. I'm torching hot and all the same. From playing war games with Saddam Hussein. Now who's sane? I'm insane, my membrane's on cold-grown. The tempature's rising, to fry the cells in your dome. It might be on, and if you think so, you know me. It's Tech Caponey, the Doggfather's little homey. Ain't that somethin', how I got little homeys now?. I remember when I was just a little bow-wow. Writing for my rep, calling 'fore I step. Now I put niggas in the game just to stay on deck. High profile, but my style low-pro. Top dogg on the Row, Doggystyle CEO. And I blow the best indo, that you know of. So when I'm in your town, dip down, and show love. You know what? What's up? Shit, I'm feeling good now. You better come and get me 'fore I fall into a freestyle. They say, what's a rapper? Well nigga, what's an emcee?. If they don't got the skills, then they don't roll with me. Ain't that the truth?, I'm bulletproof off the roof. I got a mic and a fix, that'll jack you for your tooth. I'm out for rep, but how long will it last?. I'm coming up quick, cause broke niggas need cash. At last, I'm at the top, so I maintain now. Gotta bang now, nigga this Doggystyle. All she ever wanted was a small time, love thang. Got my homey caught up in the dope game, coke game. He so sprung, on top of that he young. He's only thirteen years old, and the world's so cold. He never took the time-out to fall down on his knees. Until he fucked his G, got some keys, now they's enemies. The niggas he grew up with, they put him in the game. Now they 'bout to take him out the game. Man it's a shame, but you know how that shit go. That's life in the fast lane, that's why I roll ??. I'd rather not get shot. I'd rather sit in the studio and rock spots. Dogg Pound, Doggystyle, we're one big family, it's all DPG . I got a G on the best bomb money can buy. I ain't out for no homicides, I'm out to survive. Dogg Pound, Doggystyle, one big family, it's all DPG .  Niggas and hoes will try to get you twisted. But I'm unlisted in the books. You base your life on that, you might get your life took, BLAOW. Put me in the game, I'm riding hard 'til I win. Serve a crew, kill a few niggas, 'til the end. I mean, I'm a fiend for superior green. And all my life I got advice from a superior team. I gotta stay away from the casket. Don't get blasted, and tell my kids how I lasted. But my crew's mafioso, so my philoso-. Phy is to G to the day that I d-i-e <echoes>. Snoop Dogg, smooth and imperial. Wake up every morning to my Lucky Charms cerials. Time's getting drastic, man I'm a flas it. Dogg Pound Gangstas' choking off that boombastic. Have you ever heard?. I'm loose, s the feds, like the juice, Snoop Dogg is st proof. Fool, you's a deuce, Deuce is some Genuine Draft. I'm a genuwine, like ??, and all about cash, cash,. Cash, I got some free, so indeed I gets the lighter for the hash. Has it ever been a time when you didn't have a dime. To your name, and the only way to gain is through crime?. Sometimes I used to pack, one time I got jacked by some sacs. But you know I got mine, you know about the Don Corleone. It was a murder. Jake just hit the corner people swarming. Three in the morning I jumped out my cab like "Fuck, . niggaz is buck," mega bloodshed, the tapes red. I heard some bird whisper, "Yo he should have ducked". I puffed the lilla, just before I hit the scene for rilla. I'm all high it's late I'm looking down at the fella. Shit's pushed in, ambulance placed him on some cushion. His mom's had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk. It hurt, kind of took it as a brief reminder. that the street's designed to stop your life, plot. The beast in time yeah, cell to cell suspect ass nigga you fell. First time locked in crime stop my mind blocks the frail. Bursting blasting at your forty cal shell, split your dry cell. My niggas never snitch why tell. We roll with no regrets, destiny's, fifty's and equities. Queens'll be the death of me. To the suspect witness don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight. Dear God, I want the riches, money hungry bitches infested. Giving the jealous niggas sickness, the witness. My crew dresses, in vest-es, feel the essence. Try to test this, scientist, able and reckless. Slaughter, Nautica'd down, frames look petite. Ten millis, mix designed just for my physique. I keep a low pro as if I owe, bless the flow lovely. My pants hang low while I'm dancing, sipping the bubbly. Hey, me no worry, hashish keep my eyes Chinese. Rollin two Phillies together make blunts Siamese. I meant it, I represent it, descendant made of. early natives that were captured and taught to think backwards. Trapped us in a cracker psychiatric, it's massive. A Million Man March, alert the masses. Ten glocks, Armani in small print, upon my glasses. Don assassins, armageddon, the wettin'. Never freakin the beast, seven heads, got the righteous threatened. Life Was Written, the plot curves behind the settin'. Comprehend the grammar, Manfrione -- are you the type of nigga. to shoot a leg to get your name known?  I flip the brain tome. Niggaz get hit and wrap the plastic. The mic I strike in vain givin the pain of what a Mack is. What you with?  Luchi or drama, no sleep means insomnia. No need to check the clock, the streets are timin you. . It justifies, Nas Escobar's leavin shit mesmerized. Mega live, like the third world. Decipher my deceiver make him a believer. Spitting jim stars, words in my mic ttype receiver. Bond is my life so I live by my word. Never fraudulent Queens don't make no herbs. Spread my name to deacons, politicians while they speakin. Rebel to America civilization caught you sleepin  . The sweetest thing I've ever known. Was like the kiss on the collarbone. Soft caress of happiness. The way you walk, your style of dress. I wish I didn't get so weak. Ooo, baby, just to hear you speak. Makes me argue just to see. How much you're in love with me. See, like a queen, a queen upon her throne. . It was the sweet, sweet, sweetest thing I know, . It was the sweet, sweet, sweetest thing I know. I get mad when you walk away . So I tell you leave, when I mean stay. Warm as the sun dipped in black. Fingertips on the small of my back. More valuable than all I own. Like your precious, precious, precious, precious dark skin tone. . It was theAh. I tried to explain. Ahbut baby, it's in vain. Speaking on my mother's phone. The touching makes me think I'm grown, . Sweet prince of the ghetto. Your kisses taste like armoretto. Intoxicating, oh, so intoxicating. How sad, how sad that all things come to an end. But then again, I'm, I'm not alone     . Everybody's got opinions. on the way you're living. But see they can't fill your shoes. Life is made of half illusion . Forty percent confusion . Whatever's left I'm using to keep myself from losing, yea. You don't know what I've been through . Hell I might go through you . Uh-oh, oh no-oahohh . Hey hey  hey hey. And mm-mmmmmm . All in all it's all in my head.  One Big Boi. You know it's that high guy, from East PI. Spittin the realness of reality, you mad at me. boi how you gonna handle me?. You want me to lolligag and talk that bullshit?. I refuse to play so I'm gon' speak that Southern good shit. That harder than yo' hood shit, lil' shit. that make y'all niggaz think about the trigger. before you pull it, on liquor stores and banks. Them folks got more than enough bullets to put that ass. off in the slang, don't claim no gang, we the niggaz. that did that "Ain't No Thang But a Chicken Wang". But still though, how you gonna play a nigga like dildo. We OutKast til it's over, barbeque and never mildo. For real bro.  has the computer age, scientists, and doctors gone too far?.  Einstein or Frankenstein?.  Dr Scholl's, or Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde?.  Are we digging into new ground,.  or digging our own graves?  Story at ".  Two George Clinton. Valley girls are horny tonight . Fuzzy logic, their pubic virginity . Ooooh oooh ooh  . Ooooh oooh ooh  . Conceived under the influence of toxic wasted doctors. Computer buggin debuggin device-a and vice versa. and various viruses. Performing with laser light precision and verbal incision. For a lingustic ballistic lobotomy. Mind-fuckin you, a psycho-sodomy. of the medula oblongata. Accept your mind down your spine and out your behind. Fuck you.  Three Andre Benjamin. Synthesizer, microwave me. Give me a drug so I can make seven babies. Pump my breasts up, can you suck the fat up. Please make my life appear. like ain't no such thing as bad luck. My, nose ain't right. Like I need a new one. Just take your pick, a yellow red. A black or a blue one. Virtual reality, virtual, BULLSHIT. Synthesizer preachers can reach you. up in the pulpit. Who a bitch?. Give me my gat so I can smoke this nigga. Tell his mamma not to cry. because they can clone him quicker. than it took his daddy to make him. Niggaz bitin verbatim. Thought provokin records radio never played dem. Instant, quick grits, new, improved. Hurry hurry, rush rush, world on the move. Marijuana illegal but ciggarettes cool. I might LOOK kinda funny but I ain't no fool. Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize. Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize. But if you synthesize I will understand. your synthesizer man.  Four George Clinton. Ghetto boy horny tonight. SCSI with a booty in a cage. Problem sinkin down and stretchin out. so sleepy, playing safe in cyberspace. . Cybersexy Wendy . Web walkin in the nude. Digital good time, digital good time. Said she'd lapdance on your laptop. while your laptop's in your lap. Digital good time, digital good time. Cybersexy Wendy. Web walkin in the nude. Digital good time, digital good time. Said she'd tapdance on your laptop. while your laptop's in your lap. Digital good time, digital good time. Digital good time, digital good time. Cybersexy Wendy. Web walkin in the nude. Digital good time, digital good time. Digital good time, digital good time. Fuzzy logic, it's groovy     . You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch I wanna. hold you so much At long last love has . arrived And I thank God I'm alive You're. just too good to be true Can't take my. eyes off of yoy. Pardon the way that I stare There's nothing . else to compare The sight of you leaves me . weak There are no words left to speak. But if you feel like I feel Please let me know. that it's real You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. I need you baby, and if it's quite all right,. I need you baby to warm a lonely night I love. you baby Trust in me when I say Oh pretty . baby, don't bring me down I pray Oh pretty. baby, now that I found you, stay And let me . love you, oh baby let me love you, oh baby    . From the CO to across the seas. I'm guaranteed to make everybody bounce wit me. I been known to rip it down anyplace I be. You can copy but it's only gon' be one me. I don't ride no cars, if the man come, remember . I done started up a whole epidemic. Look, y'all know what I'm talkin' about. Ever since I ed up with the homey down south. TV shows, magazine covers. Girls in groups say we go wit each other. Sold out shows, pocket full of cake. What you know about sellin' tres mil out the gate?. See, I'm the hottest  thing around. Neck full of bling bling like the Neptunes' sound. I got it locked from the left, right, front, and rear. When I step up in the spot this is all I hear. Lil' Bow Wow, you just don't know. The way you move so fast across the floor. I mean you run through my mind like all the time. To the point that I just wanna take you home. I said Lil' Bow Wow, you just don't know. The way you move so fast across the floor. I mean you run through my mind like all the time. To the point that I just wanna take you home. Represent that - . Right now when I'm old, where I'm gonna be. Have a flow, homey you can bet the house on me. I'ma forever be up under the scope. I ain't tryna go out like Todd s of "Different Strokes". I was born to rock, born to rhyme. What you lookin' at is something that's before they time. Like the number  in the red and black. Mr  and Park is back, Holla. I do it like no other. and attract more family than 'Ringling Brothers'. I got 'em scattered, covered, smothered like, hash browns. See, I'm the best just ask around. Yo, I'm here now and ain't nobody takin' mine. It's a waste of time if you thinkin' you can. You better off gettin a shirt. Makin a sign that reads, "SHAD MOSS, I'm your # fan". Let me holler at you. Can I talk to you?. I want you, cuz you make my heart skip the beat that I drum to. Aiyo, I run up in the record label. Like "Everybody put they hands up on the fucking table. I want out of his contract, 'fore I have to take it to combat". They like "Sit down and talk about it", "Nah, it's beyond that. I want money transferred to Swiss accounts". Hold the President for ransom, type of shit I'm about. Had the Wolves blitz the radio station door. with a gun to the DJ, I told 'em "Don't play nothing but Two ". Listen, hit the Chase Bank, fuck a mask, I use face paint. For Dead Presidents, I leave the place, wait. "Don't shoot, eh, don't move a muscle. 'Fore I have to duce you to muzzles". Put it together like I'm doing a puzzle. Cuz it was Taylor Made, tough enough to go through the struggle. But if all else fails, fuck it, I'ma break ny niggaz out of jail. While you hire niggaz out of Yale. You buying weights, you better buy a scale. Cuz if you jerk me on one gram, tie his rabbit ass by the tail. Find a town, lock it down, look at my pockets now. I'm the surrogate father, y'all adopted my style. Been hot for a while, ', popped it off like a forty cal. ', took it to trial, so crooked, my smile. Guess I'm just a crook, deep down. Up all night, couldn't sleep, how?. It's money out, listen son, it's lovely in the south. The smaller the belly, the hungrier the mouth. You get a little heart, the bigger the gun. We come through with M-'s, niggaz'll run. Before you had a lot of words, niggaz is done. Showing off in front of them birds, I'ma send 'em to Pun. Don't ask if we winning, we won, you so pitiful, son. You all s when my criminals come. No handshakes, with hugs, but I give you a slug. Guaranteed, leave you laying in the middle of blood. Don't matter if you Crip or you Blood. Cuz guns don't discriminate, make me have to cripple a thug. You little niggaz still looking for a nipple to suck. They call me Daddy Longleg, been pimping your slut. It's LG, I'm trying to slide some bitches to AC. Build something so one day my son could replace me. My flow like,  already here. Meaning I'm so advanced, I could end this career. Aiyo, Taylor stitch it and sew it. Drugs, slugs, pitch it and throw it. I'm in the kitchen trying to get this shit flowing. I said. This my shit right here, it's like my baby girl. Nah mean? It's what I love doing. Nah mean? This music shit is mine . Yo, this young buck rowdy, my gun buck loudly. When I was a  buck, they had me locked up down in Buck's County. But I beat that wrap, you never catch me on a beat that's whack. I can't eat like that. Reef that cat who cock back, let the Desert hit you. When you thought I was just talkin' shit like Freddie Mitchell. You ain't ready, is you? I invest in every pistol. Aim on point like a steady missile. Heavy fiscal, I need that love, hundreds in dubs. Where the weed at? I need that drug, cause I'm addicted to it. Rhyme-boxes start spittin' fluid. When y'all do it, seem don't nobody listen to it. Love from Philly all the way to kids in Munich. Germany, I murder beats and add the difference to it. Word to Pazienza, smack your men's up, crack your limbs up. And leave you fucked up like a Latin's liver. So listen up. They be scrapin' your cantaloupe off the pavement. You know we in the place with the guns in our waist. Step through the door, tore the shit off the hinges. This is the start of you dyin', Plan' spit with the heart of a lion. The belt of Orion wrapped around your neck with the iron. Pointed at your fuckin' chest, bitch niggaz is cryin'. I'ma  reef the lost cause and we causin' the violence. We causin' the murder that causin' niggaz carryin' burners. We the cause and effect of life, it's hard to observe us. You don't understand, we got the upper-hand spittin'. First you need to over-stand, you soft like under-hand pitchin'. You could tell I'm a Pun fan when I'm spittin'. Rapper like me are hard to come by like coppin' Summer Jam tickets. You need to focus before you think or approach us. You scream "player" dog, we the coaches. Too ferocious, bo-guarded, every moment is precious. You niggaz is co-starrin', we the stars of this epic. Unveilin' the secret is more than fairy tales when we preachin'. This that ' Boom Bap shit that we teachin'. Cut your head off, guillotine, Henry VIII style. Y'all remindin' me of Cheddar Bob in  Mile. I wanna see everybody in the place wild. Anybody move, buck 'em in they face "Blaow". I stay bent daddy night and day. Show 'em that I care when I send kites to Jay. It ain't nice, but it's right to say. It's real, when the cat gone, mice will play. It's ice today, but tomorrow you breathless. My team is on the same shit like collaborative efforts. We grab at your necklace, there's no other way. We bring it back to the East like we brother Jay. Any fuckin' day, you could come see us. North, South, West Philly, you don't wanna meet us. We some wild Puerto Ricans, Italians, Morenos. Fuck it Let they brains blow     . Mmm, it's implication of the heart. As I close my eyes and I'm in this. I clinch my fist at all of this madness. It's now been a few years, without you here, my dear. Your my greatest, now here's my latest. For the love of my kingdom, I often take risks. I exist with the flow of time, equal cyphers of rhymes. Feel the wetness, my eyes have the redness. Always at war with myself, decisions bad for my health. You little birds pon my doorsteps, dropping jewels like bandits. My emotions got me open, third eye start to scoping. The pressure to my heart, steady piercing like a dart. My cup runeth over, wisdom makes me solar. Reality's a blessing, it keeps the weak mind guessing. Here's the answer to your question, relinquish negative sections. Poisonous like venom, my heart's set to get 'em. Knowledging your fears, fighting back your tears. Understanding the lessons of receiving, new blessings. And if I'm not quite clear, I wanna make things clears. I'm just shedding more tears, I'm just shedding more tears. Truth, Equality, Allah, let's me Rule. Like Tears of a clown, now, who plays the fool?. Shattered like glass, I think we went to fast. No time with you here, to walk beside my tear. Holding you never, remembering together. Exist on a throne, then why is love alone. Went forth with another, creation by the other. But I got the love jones, recreated by the poems. Mister chit-chat, for me, you into that. No one could take a place, just you I wanna face. He was half of my team, we were tight like seeds. To build was his hustle, I never had to tussle. Always legit, but quick was his exit. Didn't know what I was landed, alone and left stranded. My heart is forever branded, sometimes I just can't stand it. Sooth the way my fears, before I shed more tears. I'm still shedding more tears, I'm still shedding more tears. I'm still falling by the waistline, the bassline, I case mine. You chase mine, in no time, I'm out of mine, tempted by white lines. We only want American dream. Though we were part of a team, and you put us to sleep. With no, knowledge to reach, build this rich nation on starvation. Trying to control our population, jobs won like plantations. They want to end our relation, whose the real and whose faking. They say it's there for the taking, another life forsaken. With uncivilized mating, peace to the father. Who rest, in the heavens, God be the name, thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on Earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, so we can get ahead. Why do they blame us for these games, shave their heads in shame. Rap stars are now martyrs, children still without fathers. Sometimes you feel inferior, or because they trynna kill ya. I know the whole will hears I flood the world with tears. Flood the world with tears     . Hey, they lovin how the cut's so premium. They vegan but it's % more meatier. Jamla is the squad, Javotti and WAR Media . The industry is greedy and makin it more tedious. For me to just, get the shit directly to the fans. Come to the show, I'll put it directly in your hands. Trap in the  , yo they love to say we back again. These half-ass rappers be cheatin like Ashley Madison . That's why we hackin 'em, lemme ask is it impossible to be anonymous. when the presence in the mark is so dominant? . Mr Robot, voice of the apocalypse. The rapper with the golden esophagus, I tower like an obelisk. Egyptian symbologist try to follow it. My words'll paint pictures, my hieroglyphics are hardest script. to read, MC's believe in passin the buck. I give 'em lashes with my African tongue. Come on. Teleprompters tellin lies . Helicopters in the sky-y,-y-y . Tell the coppers not to lie . Fell on top of us, we don't die, we don't die-ie-ie. We um, we um, we um we um we um . Come from where niggaz know drums. Beat downs, cops on beats, beats from Jeeps. Street sounds playin for keeps, it's the way we impeach. Dead presidents, yo, print your money out. Nigga had paper, so we took the money route. Sheets get rolled up like housekeepers. My guy don't leave the house, without reefer. Eager for the evening, the night is like breathin. We do wrong for all the right reasons. I'm fresh like I'm teethin, take a bite of the apple. Wear my heart on my sleeve like a tattoo. Hold the torch like a statue of liberation. Ain't no limitations, this is generation - woo. The smell of new, up in this bitch, we in this bitch. The fever pitch of the seasoned and rich, the infamous. Emphasize on enterprise, contribute to genocide. What you know about greed?. So I get to weedin in the beach, tryin to reach. my ancestors with my speech to leave somethin with my seeds. We be on the corner like a stop sign. I ain't scared to pop mine, but I take account for my deeds. One time I didn't and they say that it's written. But niggaz'll never know if they don't take time to read. The jewels don't glitter on the page. Told the demons shoot the fade full of rage but I move with such ease. I ain't full of poison, my vibration is up. Devastatin the white noise while blazin 'em up. I'm peaceful, I pray to the East too. North, South and West cause I know what the streets do. Know what police do, if you ain't got the vision you see-through. They'll leave you in the water like seafood. I'm Sifu       . Yo heh heh tell him it's like uhh you know uhh. Sweet sweet tell him. Let me be patient let me be kind. Make me unselfish without being blind. Though I may suffer I'll envy it not. And endure what comes. And it'll be alright. Background singing Telll himmm be alright be alright. Tell him tell him I need him. Tell him I love him. It'll be alright. Now I may have faith to make mountains fall. But if I lack love then I am nothin' at all. I can give away everything I possess. But left without love then I have no happiness. I know I'm imperfect [I know I'm imperfect]. & not without sin [& not without sin]. But now that I'm older all childish things end. and tell him. I'll never be jealous. And I won't be too kind. Cause love is not boastful. Oooh and loveis not loud. Tell him I need him. Tell him I love him. Everything's gonna be alright [w/ adlibs]. Oooh oooh yeah yeah aww yeah. Now I may have wisdom and knowledge on Earth. But if I speak wrong then what is it worth?. See what we now know is nothing compared. to the love that was shown when our lives were spared. Meet God in the marquete design. In Toshibi odd squad, G, it's eighth and poverty. With me, I hone this art, set it off like Napoleon Bonaparte. By boarding Noah's Arc, I spit too rough breaking down buildings. And pounds off them come arounds, like Bob Dylan's. Christbearer, put the D in dope. A west side rider on the boat kaleidoscope. Loc', play pussy, get fucked. I had to put my chuck out yo' ass. Off the deeply covered gash. At last, Christbearer, came coming. So nice, he left the microphone humming. For the guy, the had to summon. I take over like big bad weather. And formulate a style like art leak leather. Christbearer in the five line sequel. Where it's bout what you know, so fuck what you think. I'm writing rhymes, cuz I gotta get paid. Although every single line I concoct I drop a J. Off the top, I cannot be stopped. Lacing bar after bar, after bar, with a paradot. Who getting money? Who off the chain?. Who taught us, holster gun, you with a name. One of the most gallantly grave, the radio wave. Of crystal praise phrase, in the time flashed day, Christbearer. Tell Mary not to weep, and Martha not to moan. David killed Goliath with a stone. Samson grew his hair back and made a pillar crack. On me, Christ walked on the LBC. Yo, I use fighting words, the type of words, to start riots with. Guns fired quick, right by your click, son, tie ya shit. Nickel plated, triple seven rated, heaven made it. Smoked a burning bush, all love elevated, yo. Big fish, eat little fish, yo King Pisces. I'm spitting bonton chips, Italian icies. Corner style, green garbage can, blue mailbox. You sell rocks, we got marbles, designer goggles. Royal blood, thicker than water, I'm dickin' yo daughter. Old man, make her queen, then send her back to the old lands. West days, you fucking West th and Broadway. Fuck her in a hallway, who wanna rhyme, I work it back. The flies up, here's five, what, yo, --. Bitches on my dick like I'm Elian. Meko the man of a mill-ion. Platinum filter shit that generates buildings. Been on the land for trillions. Long Beach native, hate if you wanta. Tell Roger City, have ya girl come and warn ya. Cuz, ain't no rhyme like the one I got. Promoted my record . I wanna thank y'all man from the bottom of my heart . Secondly, I wanna dedicate this song to y'all man. cause without y'all, there is no me . I could never turn my back on y'all . Cause y'all put me where I'm at so when ya call. I'll be there, just like that . Signin autographs, givin deps to all my folks. Tellin little kids, don't follow these dopes. See, I'ma keep barkin' long as y'all bark wit' me . Y'all know the website, all y'all gotta do is hit me. As much as the girls like me, you would think it make the fellas sick.  but they be right wit 'em singin, not missin a lick. Hair braided, rockin somebody's jersey. From Up-top to Out-West and down in the Dirty. Can't forget about the Mid-West, that's where I was found . That's where I live and Columbus is the town . I got the pen, you got the paper, a CD, a tape, I. sign it then leave it to get a nice big plate of. fish, which is my favorite dish. But without y'all, I couldn't kick it like this. For callin to your local station everyday to play my song. If it wasn't for you, there wouldn't be no me. And that's why I'm gonna ride for you. I wanna thank you for the groups that came befo' me . All of y'all in the office that promote me in the streets. All the mom and pop stores that don't get a lot of credit.  The spots in the hood, the first ones that said it.  All the mix show's DJs, please keep it bumpin. Thank you for your support and yes I'm gonna keep it comin.  I love how you love that, so I'm givin back. cause y'all the ones that kept this playa on track. The reason I'm seen is because of you. The reason I'm heard and my dreams came true. Now if you ever made a poster, or wrote a fan letter. All I'm tryin do is show you is some L-O-V-E. And let you know without y'all there is no me. JD, JE, the whole SSD . Now if you ride for we, then I'm gon' ride for you. From the bottom of my heart, baby tell 'em what I wanna do. For makin me who I am and puttin me where I need to be. I wanna thank you. For callin to your local station everyday to play my song. And that's why I'm gonna ride for you, forever more. The rough witty killa bee sting just like the jiggy. My Family Stone, foes attempt to gradually clone. Label them my anus and the casualty's home. And closed coffin, Wu stormin like the light brigade. ride the wave like Frankie Avalon. As I decipher AIDS crime pays. The law's long arm be tryin to strong arm. Walkin timebombs before I bomb firearm. The chalm smoker, I hit the dread with a poster. He toke with his own love and expose the black toaster. Composer was s. I took your bad looks for joke get your back broke. Deep throat this murder I wrote. The antidote be seekin like a buried treasure. By every measure lethally inject your whole sector. Wanted dead or alive. Rebel I escapes across the desert sand. leavin no footprints to trace. Keep a war face, in your place. Conceal the baby knives on the North breaks. I still shine in shady times. Yeah, yo. We livin just enough . Just enough . Just enough, for the ci-ty. Yo, in the jungle. I make moves like Iron Monkey. Plots to bump me off DOT be on the hunt for me. We stay hungry, for money drugs and guns. Ones who fake get caught in the crossfire for crumbs. Know the science be my Goddess. The facts tell gats sell like sex and violence. And break the project silence, a vision. This is way beyond four corners, escape this mental prison. Before we're all goners, now embrace the world. for the world war is ocean bomber. Visionary soldier comma. My code of honor, mind still start from the drama. Trauma sent the victim, witness them run, scream in horror. Military chopper come gun down the slum. The outcome do or die Son it's bound to come. Mentally aware I see truth within the square. The future's here catch me on computer software. Warfare's inevitable, Rebel I hold several government official. Issue thirty-eight specials, that step through. Like Nat Turner create a spectacle. I may die in the scuffle but I'm takin forty devils . What? What? Come on. "Give me the fortune, keep the fame," said my man Louis. I agreed, know what he mean because we live the truest lie. I asked him why we follow the law of the bluest eye. He looked at me, he thought about it. Was like, "I'm clueless, why?". The question was rhetorical, the answer is horrible. Our morals are out of place and got our lives full of sorrow. And so tomorrow comin later than usual. Waitin' on someone to pity us. While we findin beauty in the hideous. They say money's the root of all evil but I can't tell. YouknowhatImean, pesos, francs, yens, cowrie shells, dollar bills. Or is it the mindstate that's ill?. Creating crime rates to fill the new prisons they build. Over money and religion there's more blood to spill. The wounds of slaves in cotton fields that never heal. What's the deal?. A lot of cats who buy records are straight broke . But my language universal they be recitin my quotes . While R&B singers hit bad notes, we rock the boat. of thought, that my man Louis' statements just provoked. Caught up, in conversations of our personal worth. Brought up, through endangered species status on the planet Earth. Survival tactics means, bustin gats to prove you hard. Your firearms are too short to box with God. Without faith, all of that is illusionary . Raise my son, no vindication of manhood necessary. 	so we can call ourselves brave?. 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice. 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice. Yo, I'm sure that everbody out listenin agree. That everything you see ain't really how it be. A lot of jokers out runnin in place, chasin the style. Be a lot goin on beneath the empty smile. Most cats in my area be lovin the hysteria. Synthesized surface conceals the interior. America, land of opportunity, mirages and camoflauges. More than usually -- speakin loudly, sayin nothin. You confusin me, you losin me. Your game is twisted, want me enlisted -- in your usary. Foolishly, most men join the ranks cluelessly . Buffoonishly accept the deception, believe the perception. Reflection rarely seen across the surface of the lookin glass. Walkin the street, wonderin who they be lookin past. Lookin gassed with them imported designer shades on. Stars shine bright, but the light -- rarely stays on. Same song, just remixed, different arrangement. Put you on a yacht but they won't call it a slaveship . Strangeness, you don't control this, you barely hold this. Screamin brand new, when they just sanitized the old shit. Suppose it's, just another clever Jedi mind trick. That they been runnin across stars through all the time with. I find it's distressin, there's never no in-between. We either niggaz or Kings. We either bitches or Queens. The deadly ritual seems immersed, in the per. Full of short attention spans, short tempers, and short skirts. Long barrel automatics released in short bursts. The length of black life is treated with short worth. Get yours first, them other niggaz secondary. That type of illin that be fillin up the cemetary. This life is temporary but the soul is eternal. Separate the real from the lie, let me learn you. Not strong, only aggressive, cause the power ain't directed. That's why, we are subjected to the will of the oppressive. Not free, we only licensed. Not live, we just excitin. Cause the captors own the masters to what we writin. Not compassionate, only polite, we well trained. Our sincerity's rehearsed in stage, it's just a game. Not good, but well behaved cause the ca-me-ra survey. most of the things that we think, do, or say. We chasin after death just to call ourselves brave. But everyday, next man meet with the grave. I give a damn if any fan recall my legacy. I'm tryin to live life in the sight of God's memory. Like that y'all. A lot of people don't understand the true criteria of things. Can't just accept the appearance   . Geah whassup?. Where's all my street niggaz, project niggaz. Real niggaz, worldwide. Let's reflect e'rybody got a story. We all ghetto B - here's mine . Geah. See I was -- born in sewage, born to make bomb music. Flow tight like I was born Jewish. Used the streets as a conduit - I kept arms .  longs inside my mom's Buick. At any given moment Shawn could lose it, be on the news. Iron cuffs - arms through it; or stuffed with embalmin fluid. Shit, I'm goin through it - mom dukes too. Tears streamin down her pretty face, she got her palms to it. My life is gettin too wild. I need to bring some sort kinda calm to it. Bout to lose it; voices screamin "Don't do it". It's like ', ', bout the year . that Big and Mag dropped; and "Illmatic" rocked . outta every rag drop, and the West had it locked. Everybody doin 'em, I'm still scratchin on the block. like "Damn; I'ma be a failure". Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug - paraphenalia. Cops courts, and their thoughts is to derail us. Three time felons in shorts with jealous thoughts. Tryin figure where your mail is, guesstimate the weight you sellin. So they can send shots straight to your melon; wait. It gets worse, baby momma water burst. Baby came out stillborn, still I gotta move on. Though my heart still torn, life gone from her womb. Don't worry, if it was meant to be, it'll be -- soon. This can't be life, this can't be love. This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us. This can't be life, this can't be love. This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us. Chill dog. Second oldest born, from Michelle Brown my mother. Hell bound, grew with two sisters and one brother. Pop wasn't around, so many stories that's another. I'm thinkin damn; how my older sister gon' make me tougher. When steel sharpens steel, I'ma keep it real. I'm tired of tryin to hide my pain behind the syrups and pills. Dead to the world, stretched out like a corpse for real. Y'all niggaz thinkin what y'all readin in The Source is real. What my life like, you lookin at the source, it's real. What your life like?  Mine dog, of course it's real. Passin judgment, you niggaz second-guessin Beans. Cause you don't eat swine don't make you Amin. Dog you know a couple suras, out the Qur'an. I guess you all on your din and I ain't on mine. Stop that Akki, 'fore I send shots though your body. Make 'em feel feel hell on earth before Allah drop thee. I feel the line's drawn here, nuttin more can stop me. Till them feds pick me up, or them boys pop me. There's only three things that make Mac not act like Beans. Amatullah Tisha, Po Aldin, Samir Amin. My seeds dog, gotta teach 'em that before I leave dog. Shit I know that I'ma see 'em when I leave dog. I come back in the afterlife. Like fuck it I done touched hell twice; what's the meanin?. Yeah uhh. Now as I walk into the studio, to do this with Jig'. I got a phone call from one of my nigs. Said my homeboy Reek, he just lost one of his kids. And when I heard that I just broke into tears. And see in the second hand; you don't really know how this is. But when it hits that close to home you feel the pain at the crib. So I called mine, and saddened my wife with the bad news. Now we both depressed, countin our blessings cause Brad's two. Prayin for young souls to laugh atlife through the stars. Lovin your kids just like you was ours. And I'm hurtin for you dog; but ain't nobody pain is like yours. I just know that heaven'll open these doors. And ain't no bright side to losin lifel; but you can view it like this . God's got open hands homey, he in the midst of good company. Who loves all and hates not one. And one day you gon' be wit your son. I could've rapped about my hard times on this song. But heaven knows I woulda been wrong. I wouldn'ta been right, it wouldn'ta been love . It wouldn'ta been life, it wouldn'ta been us. This can't be life. This can't be life. Let them bustas know. That fucking with triple . Yeah you young bitches gotta go . The cali the hundred. The tricks I wanted I bucked down. The killa man DJ Paul. The G with a evil frown. These niggas be talking shit. 'Bout who and who they don't like. These pimp hating bitches gonna make a player . Just take their life . Scarecrow is the nigga. The mystic nigga that so damn slick. A natural born killa. With no remorse on a funky bitch. The juice man be quicker. But with them things he'll be dropping ya. Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out. First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out. Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out. First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out.   . Balla position. Regime niggas fuck all'a ya women draped up in linen. I spit this fly shit since I was  years old . on some 'ol Osh Kosh Bi'Gosh shit. toss ya bitch, keep it top secret, lock it. Smoke-A-Lot click, walkin around wit ounces in they pockets. bitches jock it. we ridin Benz's, ya'll still drivin  rockets. nigga don't knock it. but you need to stop it. top notch shit. I used to cop bricks. rock it up an chop like La-Bobbitt. pushin the  whip through the projects til the led  spits. nigga you rhyme sick, but you could never fuck around wit my shit. my click my crew nigga. that hard time shit. criminal minded, posted on the grind shit. that cone silencer for one time shit. turnin, pounds into ashes. drinkin Cristal from the bottle. fuck ya glasses. smokin Black-N-Milds to the plastic. the last trial was kinda drastic. limo driver got his ass kicked, tryin to sue us. BUT YOU LOST YOU FUCKIN BASTARD. I'm A- Yola juss like the package. delivered in triple wrappin. niggas get blasted an put in a casket. ashes to ashes an dust to dust, when they fuck wit Yuk. plus I got my own record label. SO WHAT THE FUCK IS UP. When things is usual we pop Christy. an stack them Bentley's. ya pockets empty pretending to be me. they name me Bossi. my whole click rich like we the Cosby's. slippin's costly. it's cut-throat so fuck a softie. in head to head combat. you scared to bust back. an trust that. call the Regime we known to pull gats in black hats. hop out the company truck. give a fuck, fill my cup an celebrate wit Yuk. now that we grown ups. rock alligators an bumpin slow cuts. juss like the Sho Nuff, we can't be touched. I was raised ruff. gang banged an hand cuffed. fightin ??? always showin my guts, flexin my nuts. hand me my 'Uervo. flip work like we was Trader Joe's from Cisco. optimo, now it's X-O. fightin my ??? for death. pray it's my brother that's kept. when you owe, pay ya debt an we can make it some ???.   . We got it bundled up. gimme my scratch. it's juss my turn an I'ma take mine. trap. nigga don't get attached. tryin to soak up, listenin. tryin to locate my donuts an hit 'em. while we juss got on fuckin up my buisness. never finished. til we give up the plate. extra innings. swing for the fence. you think too little. your world dance wit mud puddles. my shit Evian, I love trouble. start wisperin wit ya hands wide open, watchin you huddle. big every down. everybody got guns, let 'em ring. you fuckin wit me, let's all go out wit a bang. in this last day, this last hour. kool-aid chest cowards wit they life in my hands set off the power. lights out. ??? the whole house. wit a gallon of gas to douse. light a flame an flush 'em out. every slug count. miss an get your stripes took. nigga this is real life wit real names written in the black books. Ever since I was a youngsta been wit this slick shit. tryin to touch a quick one, number one ???. turn an  to a full  ain't jokin thats how we did it . we was natural born chemists. ballin wit this, Benjamin big heads in my fist. got ya life in my pocket an more than that on my wrist. I got my degree in the concreate of SC. comprised wit gettin paper, an started investin in me. utilized my hustle skills beyond my record deal. and time will reveal whose really holdin the skrill. playboy ya lackin, aint touchin my tax brackets. you fuckin wit some thugs, wit some multi-million dollar ???. an if it's on an crackin then my reaction is clappin. is you gon' make it happen or is ya high cappin?. Ya betta get to trackin playboy if you ain't packin. Smoke-A-Lot, Regime is distributin max ???. spent years over the stove in a mini-factory lab. where illegal pharmaceudicals were sold. I was probably  years old when I learned to disassemble . then reassemble a semi-auto matic pistol blind fold. They call me Regime, cuz I'm way clean in stay Beam. never live in no day dream, bitch niggas wear Maybelline. throwin up peace cuz you know that I got you. ??? ??? ??? ??? but I cop too. Killa. Rogue Dog Rogue Dog.  venomous. When I bust this shit got a gang of criminals feelin us. I'm from Waymeyer the same kinda pain caine grinda. wit a scripta. stickin out like a skin head at a ?bahrmistfa?. fuck wit Nne get snuffed out. Phats Bossi, Maxx, Poppa LQ, Gonzoe . an my nigga Yukmouth, Thugged Out. Any nigga wit the bombay. never con-ways displayed. so-right, so-tight. New York niggas say be John Blazed. I been to the ringa. scrapped 'em like I was a guest on Jerry Springer. wit desert eagle, tech meezle. a ??? a nigga, a drop a ???. I die a lil nigga. slit ya throat then we skip out, "I Know What You Did Last Summer". aint nobody fuckin wit Regime niggas. bust gats at ya cats makin extreme figures. get ready for the Rogue Dogs, told ya'll we seperatin yo jaw. fuckin yo hoes dog. lickin toes, balls. makin mutha fuckin clothes fall. OH You mutha fuckas dont know. Lauryn Hill on the track  . New art got my back  . DJ Skribble just relax, haha  I'm a get you the joint haha  . Yeahmorning  . Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh. As I span the cosmos . Mahogany travel at the speed of sound . Span the mainstream but still esteemed underground . My parameters, and wrap up contaminants. Travel twice Earth's diameter, intimidating amateurs . At the Apollo, I played the shepherd sheep followed . Chicks try to model after me like I'm Tyra [ Pause] Banks. Wanna thank me because my statements are prodigious . Styles so prestigious, make a sinner act religious . Street academics, seen alot of girls mimic . But when it's all over you can tell who's the gimmick . L slang-bangs  like a dub plate . Jericho Sound System, mash up your club dates . Sweeter than a cherry on a fruit cocktail. Whenever, Wherever, Whatever . Like Maxwell . My pentium, makes more chips than Intel . I didn't mean to turn you on . Like Sherell  . Kids move they body like they're tripping off of acid, Anthony. Not even fantasy can surpass it  . Once you blast it one starts to feel kinky. I think thee, goes by the name of Young Slinky. And just when you thought it was safe to relax  . L-Boogie spits with perfect syntax  . Then, DJ Skribble make you dribble on the wax . DJ Skribble make you dribble on the wax. Can I hear you in the morning,  . like I hear you late at night?. Chance to hear you     . Amp the party. DJ Skribble Keep It Tight. Just a short time in the morning. Like I hear you late at night  . Chance to hear you. Amp the party . DJ Skribble Keep It Tight. Can I hear you in the morning . Like I hear you late at night . Chance to hear you. Amp the party. DJ Skribble, KEEP IT TIGHT  - Forte'    . My world it moves so fast today. The past it seems so far away. And life squeezes so tight that I can't breathe. And every time I try to be, what someone else has thought of me. So caught up, I wasn't able to achieve. But deep in my heart, the answer it was in me. And I made up my mind to define my own destiny. I look at my environment. And wonder where the fire went. What happened to everything we used to be. I hear so many cry for help. Searching outside of themselves. Now I know his strength is within me. And deep in my heart, the answer it was in me. And I made up my mind to define my own destiny. And deep in my heart. And deep in my heart, the answer it was in me. And I made up my mind to define my own destiny. In the place to be. The  Too Damn Hype posse. What are we?. Too Damn Hype, let me explain what it means. It's the energy that you feel when my posse's on the scene. Well, it's not that we're rowdy, rude, raunchy or loud. But a match into nitro is like my crew into a crowd. I'ma take a minute or maybe I'll take two. To duce the Too Damn type posse to you. I'ma start the ductions with the man on my left. The undisputed, the greatest alive, my friend and my DJ, he's Jazzy Jeff. On a motorcycle is next [Name]. He's my personal manager, he's the Hammer JL. And when I got flack, you know he got my back. He punched a hole in the wall all the while he broke a mirror, he's Charlie Mack. Down by law at each and every show. Nicknamed ?Al Diesel? but for short Aldo. And when something goes wrong this is where we go. His favorite line is 'Excuse me, hops', he's [Name] Polo. You met the crew and you know where we live. You met Omar, Money and my man Wiz. The posse is here in full effect tonight. Here's where I end off, this is your funky send-off. You say we didn't rock it? There'll be a doom call. Man, my posse is worldwide known. All the way from Philly to the streets of Rome. Too Damn Hype led by Jeff and the Prince. You're spending dollars and cents. We're spending pounds and pence. And yens and rubels and marks, you think I'm playin. Man, my posse is large, get what I'm sayin?. You met the whole crew and you know who I am. And if you wanna be down with us, follow the program. Come to the shows and play this jam every night. We got DJ Jazzy Jeff and my name is the Prince. Too damn hype. Rockin somethin funky, it goes like this. Too damn hype. It's called the 'Too Damn Hype' and you know how we're livin. Too damn hype. And we're livin like every day's Thanksgiving. Too damn hype. And we're livin it up in the place to be. Too damn hype. Yo, Jeff ????? and me . One day, you'll understand Zion. Unsure of what the balance held. I touched my belly overwhelmed. by what I had been chosen to perform. But then an angel came one day. Told me to kneel down and pray. for unto me a man-child would be born. Woe this crazy circumstance. I knew his life deserved a chance. but everybody told me to be smart. "Look at your career," they said,. "Lauryn baby use your head". But instead I chose to use my heart. Now the joy of my world. is in Zion  . Now the joy of my world. is in Zion  . How beautiful if nothing more. than to wait at Zion's door. I've never been in love like this before. Now let me pray to keep you from. the perils that will surely come. See life for you my Prince has just begun. And I thank you for choosing me. to come through unto life to be. A beautiful reflection of His grace. See I know that a gift so great. Aiyyo Premier what's up man? . Live from The Nacirema Dream, Papoose and DJ Premier Yeah). Time to turn it up on these niggas man. Aiyyo Primo you ready to turn it up . Let's turn it up on 'em. We never heard of your clique but they heard of us. They put 'em down we liftin them burners up. You keep sayin word to your mother but word to what?. I don't give a fuck about none of these niggas . I turn it up, come on come on killers . Here go my cup gimme some more liquor. Open this back window let me dump on niggas. It's my era, I'm 'bout to turn in up on niggas. Peace to the New York Knickerbockers the plot got thicker. 'Cause now they got the Brooklyn Nets and Barclay Center. Hello misses and mister, cousins, brothers and sisters. Ladies and gentlemen children, prisons and finger printers. Snakes who like to slither, wolves, monkeys, gorillas. Veterans and beginners, righteous people and sinners. Gamblers, losers and winners, ice grillers and grinners. Hope y'all all some good swimmers 'cause I'm as deep as the river. I'm the bad guy just like The Joker and Riddler. Bad as Mike in his prime +Man In The Mirror+ and +Thriller+. You ain't even a real man, you can't even use the shitter. You a pussycat you probably got kitty litter. I'm a kill rich niggas in chinchilla. Representin for the wig splitters and skid bidders who gets realer. Like Beenie Man carjack a bitch nigga. Who got the keys to the jeep? sim simma. We never heard of your clique but they heard of us. They put 'em down we liftin them burners up. You keep sayin word to your mother but word to what?. I don't give a fuck about none of these niggas . I turn it up, come on come on killers . Here go my cup gimme some more liquor. Open this back window let me dump on niggas. It's my era, I'm 'bout to turn in up on niggas. With my oral deliver it's such a moral dilemma . I don't quarrel with quitters I give 'em sorrow and shimmers. You think your artist is iller just 'cause his car from the dealer. This music genre is bitter 'cause y'all some horrible spitters. When I swallow the liquor I write a marvelous scripture. Start drawing a picture 'cause I'm immortal my nigga. Beef is played out, so I don't bother with niggas. But as long as it's tender I eat your squad up for dinner. Put my palms on the trigger and shoot you all in your liver. Injure all of you niggas I'm cool calm as a killer. Your man starvin for figures, man who are you Vanilla?. Ice, I'm Suge Knight hang 'em off the balcony with ya. Since I deserve scrilla I learned to flip birds quicker. Had to hit curves with the hustlers and emerge richer. Back when Dipset, was sippin sizzurp nigga. My jewelry was black and yellow just like the Pittsburgh Steelers. We never heard of your clique but they heard of us. They put 'em down we liftin them burners up. You keep sayin word to your mother but word to what?. I don't give a fuck about none of these niggas . I turn it up, come on come on killers . Here go my cup gimme some more liquor. Open this back window let me dump on niggas. It's my era, I'm 'bout to turn in up on niggas. I'm on the Money Train makin Dead President stops. Robbed the liquor store just so we can get some Ciroc. Ate Corn Flakes no Fruity Pebbles and Pops. Got chased by the stray dogs when I fled through the lot. Bought a  cent razor now I'm ready to rock. I'll step to your block with a George Jefferson bop. I cut him for his peddle bike, he bled to his socks. 'Cause Miles didn't have a chain when I peddled it popped. My leather bomber was better than that pleather you rocked. I wore a Obama way before Michelle and Barack. I heard up north you wasn't reppin alot. You never caught a ten or three you respected the cops. How you 'gon use that jail shit to try to get to the top?. You woke up in PC never slept in the box. He said he hungry so I fed him the ox. My gun is like an independent record label Heckle and Koch . We never heard of your clique but they heard of us  . Yeah, the world famous DJ Clue. Desert Storm. Jump off Joe Buddens, on top. This go out to all my niggaz. You ain't gotta chain, but you got a mean muthafuckin' wrist game. All my ladies, you ain't got a car. But you gotta mean muthafuckin' heel game. We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah. And when I'm done slidin', you somethin' fierce. You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here. I ain't got to tell homeboy, he know that. This is 'Matrix Reloaded' and Neo's back. I'm up, humble apologies, sorry clowns. I'm here for the long run, I ain't Coffee Brown. Get to know me, the man, the person. So by the time I'm on my fifth album. You should understand the first one. It's non-fiction, you deny you want proof. I only buck in the air when the sky's in the booth. You gets liable to shoot. This twenty-two release some extra keyholes on the driver's side of your. coupe. Like, nighty night, here's your lullaby bitches. You might need just a lil' more than butterfly stitches. Get out of line and get stuck up duke. Lose your spines tryin' to touch us jukes. Get to the mall in a circle, guns out playin' "duck-duck-goose". This shit is kinda aiight till I fuck in the booth. I'm sayin', I'm here, got my nine up in here. Thugs wanna rumble, I don't mind, nigga yeah. And when I'm done slidin' up somethin' fierce. You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here. Like I don't roll with niggaz that'll lift 'ayn' chrome. Take a look at 'em, you can see they just skin and bones. Y'all talk about bricks when y'all know who move 'em. us real niggaz make withdrawls while y'all go through 'em. We carry long guns, we can contra on it. We talk about it, we live it, y'all ponder on it. Shit, ridiculously priced, us cons afford it. I'm talkin' straight cash, you might need a sponsor for it. But wait - ever met somebody that wouldn't chill. Every second he feel the need to let you know that he's real. Every second he wanna talk about his homies that died. And the people he killed and in the future all the people he will. Talk about who he stabbed and beat up, and he won't cool out. Yakety-yakkin', he's reminiscing on different shootouts. How he was there, shotties was blastin'. Cops came with body bags, and he's talkin', but nobody asked him. Naw - he want attention, he want his name yelled. Me and him always end up in the same cell. I'm pissed on the top bunk, I can't sleep. This guy ain't street, go 'head nigga I ain't beef. But feel me - stop there, who popped him where. Who you backed out on and had the whole block scared. Ma when I'm done pokin' you from the rear. You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here. Ma - you real aggressive, catchin' me of balance. It's a turn off, don't you know niggaz respect a challenge. Move a lil' slow gettin' at me. Treat the pussy like it's worth somethin', don't just go throwin' it at me. Cuz - while you doin' it at the same time. I'm thinkin' how many niggaz hit you wit that same line. Or - how many other niggaz you ran game to. How many niggaz you fucked or you gave brain to. How many other dudes houses you done came to. With condoms on you hopin' that he find 'em on you. And - I ain't tryin' to catch nothin' from you. So I'm caught up in a Catch-. If I don't fuck her then I'm not like guys she met before. So while I'm turnin' her down she's just likin' me more. But if I do get to pokin', hit her with long strokin'. I now have a girlie on my hands that's open. I don't want her callin' me constantly. Thinkin' 'cause I fucked her she got a bond with me. I don't want her misunderstandin' a one night stand. It was just a nut, I'm not your man. Ma - I'm there, if you fine in the rear. We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah. And when I'm done slidin', you somethin' fierce. You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here. Ma - I'm there, name a time and where. We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah. And when I'm done pokin' you from the rear. You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here . Yeah, I don't know why I'm over here, this job is evil. They sent me here to Vietnam to kill innocent people. My mother always said, "The president, he doesn't care". He tryin' to leave the footprints of America here. They say we tryin' to stop Chinese expansion. But I ain't seen no Chinese since we landed. Sent my whole entire unit thinkin' we could win. Against the Viet Cong guerrillas there in Gia Dinh. I didn't sign up to kill women or any children. For every enemy soldier, we killin' six civilians. Yeah, and it ain't right to me. I ain't got enough of motherfuckin' fight in me. It frightens me, and I just wanna see my son and moms. But over here, they droppin' seven million tons of bombs. I spent my days dodgin' all these booby-traps and mines. And at night, prayin' to God that I get back alive. And I'm forced to sit back and wonder. Why I was a part of Operation Rolling Thunder. In a foxhole with nine months left here. Jungle like the fuckin' harbinger of death here. I don't wanna be here, I'm scared, I just wanna go home. True story. Call me Thorburn, John H, staff sergeant. Marksman, skill in killin', illin', I'm able and willin'. Kill a village elephant, rapin' and pillage a village. Illegitimate killers, US Military guerrillas. This ain't no real war, Vietnam shit. World War II, that's a war, this is just a military conflict. Soothin' drug abusin', Vietnamese women screwin'. Sex, gambling and boozin', all this shit is amusin'. Bitches and guns, this is every man's dream. I don't wanna go home where I'm just an ordinary human being. Special Op, Huey chopper gun ship run shit. Gook run when the minigun spit, won't miss. Kill shit, spit four-thousand bullets a minute. Vic the Charlie, hit trigger, hit it, I'm in it to win it. Get it, the lieutenant hinted, the villain, I been it. The killing, I did it, cripple, did it, pictures I painted is vivid, live it. A wizard with weapons, the secret mission, we 'bout to begin it. Government funded, behind enemy lines. Bullets is sprayin', it's heatin' up a hundred degrees. The enemies the North Vietnamese, bitch please. Ain't no sweat, I'm told, "Be at ease". Until I see the pilot got hit, and we 'bout to hit some trees. Nail the road, it broke, crash land. American man in Cambodia, right in the enemy hand. Take a swig of the Whiskey to calm us. Them yellow men wearin' black pajamas, they wanna harm us. They all up on us, bang, bang, bullet hit my chest, feel no pain. To my left, the captain caught a bullet right in his brain. Body parts flyin', loss of limbs, explosions. Bad intentions, I see my best friend's intestines. Pray to the one above, it's raining, I'm covered in mud. I think I'm dyin', I feel dizzy, I'm losin' blood. I see my childhood, I'm back in the arms of my mother. I see my whole life, I see Christ, I see bright lights. I see Israelites, Muslims and Christians at peace, no fights. Black, Whites, Asians, people of all types. I must've died, then I woke up, surprised I'm alive. I'm in a hospital bed, they rescued me, I survived. I escaped the war, came back, but ain't escape Agent Orange. Two of my kids born handicapped. Spastic, quadriplegia, micro cephalic. Cerebral palsy, cortical blindness, name it, they had it. My son died, he ain't live, but I still try to think positive. 'Cause in life, God take, God give  . All hail to those who believe in lying. For they know the spirit of our life. True as a brother make his way in life. Shall he make it uncontrollable towards any other being. First let me explain that I'm a hustler. Now here's an example of what a hustler must do. In this lifetime you got two things. Bad and good, and ain't nothin in between. Now I'ma break down a little slogan. So you can figure out the path that I'm strollin. Some say it's hard, some say it's dirty. Some say it's all sex, money and murder. Now me myself, see, I'm a hustler. And I rather be that than a new jack buster. I'm always known for doin somethin. Cause I'm always in the mix when the shit start jumpin. At a club and at a house. If a sucker disrespect, I get upset. Now I'ma make my plan to get with it. I'ma hit, and seek, and destroy it. Now what could I really be sayin?. That all set aside, that I don't be playin. 's a killer, even iller. And I'm also a thriller. And of course I'm untouchable. It's not what you know, it's what you can prove. See, I got to misbehave, just a little taste. Push up, increase, yo, I start the phase. New lyrics, breakin like a running rebel. For the words are defined, cause we're on a higher level. Cause I'm goin out with Jack in my system. Hustlers from the house, you can just list them. Lookin for some heartbeat, ready to rumble. If I spot a soft sucker his world's got to crumble. Pardon me a moment, I be just at it. Brothers claimin what ain't there, they're rhyme bandits. I will arraign my death until I reach my peak. And if the king slip, I've got to impeach. The homie Ant, K-oss with the dope tracks. On the  spin, behind his back. nd DJ jumpin off is Go Mack. On a mission to keep on dishin all fools.  got the right, cause we wrote the rules. Lyrical techniques keep fools in a daze. Straight up your panjacks just to hear me faze. It's not what you know, it's what you can prove. Untouchable, on the Cali streets. On the corner where the dope and destruction meets. Where a cool young brother could never be soft. On a top-dollar street where shit jumps off. You're never up on a, tagged as a tinted. You're tryin to get out, but you're already in it. Cause pooh-put suckers don't amaze me. Cause I live my life wild, ruthless and crazy. If I don't hit you, you probably hit me. How could it be, I'm the illustrator KMG. And see, that's just one thing that never happens. KMG,  - lose when we rappin. See, we slide out some suckers who be nappin. Grab the mic, put in the clip and commence to start cappin. Cause when we flow, we got dignity. And we're givin the world an opportunity. That there's a lesson to be taught when you come to our show. Cause we scratch on our table, and bust the rhyme flow. Plus our lyrics is steaks, and rhythms come clean. Do damage, break backs, if you know what I mean. We stay untouchable. What's up pa, yo who poop?. Your ma dukes or pa dukes?. There's two scoops a raisin in the sun. Brothers try to rally up, then dilly dally for some room. Bird peckin', doulbe deckin', rubber neckin' in my tomb. Check it out yo, I smile like Groucho Marx. I make a joke, hokey pokey, and slide by like egg yolk. Play me like a punk like Penguin and the Joker. Snoopin' in my biz like Tom and Roxie Roker. So bust the freaky freaky freaky ways. The brothers with the Asian guise making G's. And now we're sellin' records oas. Holy smokes, oops, your whole plan goofed up. Now you get kicks, 'nough licks, plus cuffed up. 'cause you can catch a quick drop for tryin' to take the Schnicks' props. So tick tock around the clock and shock while we lick shots.  for goodness sakes the stakes are high. I'm out . ABC-ya, bye. I thought I saw a putty cat, I did. I did the humpty dumpty bashful grumpy quaker nabisco crisco kid. 'cause my style's figaro figaro figaro figaro like Pinochio's. Big Digital Underground humpty dumpty camel hump nose. So play dosey doe, sufferin' sucotash my mistletoe is gone. Snow White is after my seven dwarves, my styles, and after me Lucky Charms. So leapin' leprechauns, be glad I'm pushin' my pedal to the metal. I'm rugged and rough for Cocoa Puffs, and yes, I love my Fruity Pebbles. So howdy, my partner, I starts to get meaner. So ask Bob for hope, nope, not Mr Bob Dobailina. Oh were has my mic gone? Tell me, have you seen her?. I stretch like a condom and gets plump like a weiner. Or a sasuage, but of course it's, time for Chip to wreck it. But before my  I gots to check it. So who is the nicest in your neighborhood?. Lyrics are merry, merry, quite contrary, and Captain Crunch berry good. So rah rah, sis boom bah. Chip Fu is coming again, give thanks and praises to jah. My lyrics are smooth like the head on Terry Savalas. My tounge starts to quicken like Speedy Gonzales. Take up your pen, your pad, your lyrical bag and run go whole a fresh. Touche pussy cat, put down that mic 'cause you can't rap. 'cause I'm dip-dip-divin', so socializin'. Clean out your ears, yes, and open up your eyes and. I kick like Bruce Lee and Jean Claude Van Damme. So dunna nana nana nana nana nana, Batman. I hip-hop, hop-hop. Don't-don't, stop-stop. I'm harder than a Flinstone and much bigger than a Chub Rock. Our types of lyrical styles? yes the Schnickens can pick 'em. I burp, stick 'em, ha ha ha, stick 'em. Rippin' the program, slow man, hot damn. I grand slam, swingin' things again and again . Golly ha-chooey, macho like Roscoe. Randy Savage manwitch, swingin' the ding-a-ling with damage. Pauish not antoinish nor monetego. Spanish like que for the nine two lingo. Next, a new hex, commentators stand aside. Stringin' emcees like a bikini or panty line . Nut you might bust, but you can't even come right. Spite the strokin' or hopin' or pullin' a peace pipe. Huff and puff so what the fuck is happening?. On the lyrical, miracle, spirutal. but everybody's rockin'. Flip a new hit, catch wreck to the nine ship. Equipped, never slip with tounge twister. All my styles that's buckwild. No fake rap, I push pounds. I flip mad scripts and hips, I hit. So bring the goya oh boy-ah, as I say hasta manana. Soft and chewy Honky Kong fooey, reggae not rasta tough stuff. Can I rock?. I'm the hooper, the hyper. Protected by Viper. When I rock the hoop yo, you'd better decipher. In other words you'd better make a funky decision . 'cause I'm a be a Shaq knife, and cut you with precision. Forget Tony Danza, I'm the boss. When it comes to money, I'm like Dick Butkas. Now who's the first pick? me, word is born and. Not a Christean Laettner, not Alonzo Mourning. That's okay, not being bragadocious. Supercalifragelistic, Shaq is alidocious. Peace, I gotta go, I ain't no joke. Now I slam it  jam it . And make sure it's broke. yo  yo yo  It's crazy you hear . that. That's my man Bow Wow . you know it's off the  when we up in here. So So Def. let's go. Bow Wow. Microphone check   . Ain't nobody comin like I'm comin. When I Come through. So get ready, I'm the I'm the real deal. And you can see what I'm sayin. Even if you standin  blocks away. I'm from the c/o and I won't stop. I'm only  makin more than ya popz. I'm sayin you-already-know what I'm bout. If you dont take ova cuz the dog is out. You can even clean the scene to keep your frown. Betta yet find somethin else to do till I die down. And that ain't happenin bo time soon . Cuz I keep hittin ya with the boom. It goes back to back . We the empire. Get out the way or get burned by the Fire . My friends ain't juss stayin the racks. So run and tell ya friends the phenomenon's bak. Up in here I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get me. Up In here off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me. I'm Up In Here now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all . about . Up In Here Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs out. Tigah. You thinkin this a game ,well you gotta be a little more realistic. And state yo claim when I say we off the chain. I'm talkin tigahs and dogs not puppy dogs. Kickin runnin the stands from Ohio to Lauderdale we keep em' crackalackin. I bus a corner on  and the jails and ain't nothin you can tell em'. Cuz we the future and the stakes is high you gotta sell em'. Man I'm to legit to quit. And I won't be nothin to lick wit get it lick wit. I'm tlakin divadends mercedes and benz. Trips to Saweto. cuties in Switzerland and I still grip lows. You know that lil black boy. When I come around it's like a fashion show wit Lil-Bow-Wow.  of course you know who I be. T-i-g-ah and I make em say Ahhhhhh. When I'm Up In here I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get . me. Up In here off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me. I'm Up In Here now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all . about . Up In Here Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs out . I'm doin to much . They call me young Walter Payton cuz I come through the line untouched. Sayin no matter what. I don't be on pop. if the dog lay on it it's goin to the top. Gtta change the game. I got all the girls even Lil' Kim screamin my name. You can fight it fight it . And try not to like it . but you kids will go crazy if they don't see me. I'm So So Def to the end. Around here we hittin do it ova again. How many of ya'll can say that . How many of ya'll at  were sittin back watchin paper stacks. it's a known fact that all the greats got started at this same age. I ain't tryin to say that I'm the greates yet. But I will say I'm goin down that page. Cuz I'm up in here I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get . me. Up In here off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me. I'm Up In Here now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all . about . Up In Here Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs . out. JD. yo' uh yeah  everytime that . every trip man I don't care what it is . If I'm up in here it's somein gon' happen . So So Def everytime we Up In Here   . What is this?. Check it out baby, check it out y'all {}. Uh . What is this? . What is this? . Welcome to the "Prisoner of Conscious". Brainiac dum-dum bust the scientifical. You feel it all, up in your soul, we gettin spiritual. You heard I'm comin back, you so scary it put the fear in you. I murder every track cause the rhyme is the light you stare into. R-r-real shit back, it's a miracle. Rap been laughable over the last year or two. Reflectin like a mirror do, who is the real livin proof?. I'm back, with that classical shit, I pack lyrical. Substance like bowls of kush, into a vaporizer. And I vaporize ya, my paper may surprise ya. No need to brag on my paper cause I'm a nature riser. I vibrate higher, the truth break liars. I-I-I-I-I toast to us and those like us. The lovers, the fighters, the writers, the exciters. Cut the grass, we can see the vipers. We cut the glass cause we the diamonds. Check it out y'all. Check it out baby, check it out y'all {}. Uh . What is this? . What is this? . Welcome to the. See I be listenin to real shit, real spit, my diehards feel it. Type of shit the fake niggaz find hard to deal with. I'm on a higher plane, I'm destroyin it while I'm buildin. My threat can't be contained so my name on Obama kill list.  Kweli the artist that you wanna be. Movin through the darkness, the light is what's in front of me. Front of me you posers exposin your insecurities. Supposedly your swagger replaces lack of maturity. The purity you need to get in the game is gone. Ain't no conspiracy, stop lookin for someone to blame it on. Gotta pay your debt, took your stale style and I made it fresh. Wait a sec, got your girl, wetter than tomato flesh. Waitin on me with baited breath. Check it out y'all. Check it out baby, check it out y'all {}. Uh . What is this? . What is this? . Welcome to the. Walkin through double fisted, I'm lifted off somethin vicious. Everything that's movin I'm gettin me a percentage. Vintage, nothin but the sky is my incentive. My girl is ride or die, I'm avoidin the evil temptress. Uhh, ain't no question who the best is. You don't like it stay the fuck out of my mentions. Pimpin, down to the socks, it's all business. The all-night workout like -hour fitness.  Huh, y'all niggaz is adorable. Incorrigible, the praise that you get is barely audible. People is ignorin you - why?. The last place in the world that you belong is a recordin booth. Order soup, niggaz is gassed up, petrolium. I laugh when these niggaz get swept up, custodians. of culture, +Back to the Future+ rap, DeLorean. I class up the joint, the spit is valedictorian. Yeah, put ya money down. Put ya money down . Best up . Oh, oh  It's Pa Bear. For a, ticketed price, I could rip a device. Getting this right as any dude you ever figured was nice. Bear, and this is Beast Wars, I'm coming to feast on. Anyone who's lame in the game, I came to cease y'all. I'm back in business, you rap contenders. Ain't really, on the same level of the tracks we spitting. I'm lyrically sick, I belittle ya click. Now take a look at my squad, it's like a million to six . The serious shit, that I'm furious with. It's like, rap's being ran by delerious pricks. That's why the boy took initiati' of this. And got Two  moving like we speeding to win . And ain't a date in wait, constant on the paper chase. We got ourself right here, it's a major stakes. You'se a major waste, a lame individual. If I don't get it in music I'm still a criminal. Yup, the Pa's back, just for causing an uproar. Now why would you wanna act up? What the fuck for?. I know a couple niggaz that'll kill you for no more. Than what you're supposed to be holding, so called, oh boy. And you already know what it is. The boy back, like I came to take over the biz. I prophesized on the moves and the niggaz to get. Now look, we up in the midst of this shit. The Obi , what I'm spitting ya won't be needing no refund. Once you hear the voice then the heat come. Elite guns, like I'm running up on ya, the beat drums. And if you wasn't doing the shooting, and we swung . We from a place where C slums. And if the boys rush us, we hide 'em in D-cups. Jesus, ten times in three months. Now who the fuck is leaking info to these mutts? . He's tough, erupt, like volcanic proportions, of mean stuff. He's what, y'all trying to be. I'll Drama Hour Kayslay a nigga, probably. Yo, use ya head, logically. And, when you speak about my mame, do it properly. Or, bang bang will follow, see. Side hole, keep 'em shits filled with hollow T's. Get Two  war, all across the seas. And let these niggaz know fast who the boss is, please. Just for causing an uproar. It's Pa Bear, nigga, just for causing an uproar. If not me, then who could it be?. The only one, it's, AKA the Obi , held weight, since '. None of you niggaz could do what I do. So listen up close as I advise you. The new revival, the majority's idol. The dude that you never could beat still has the title . You're only alive cuz I ain't let 'em pop you. Next time around, I ain't gon' stop 'em. Nada, man, nada, crack you with a bottle. Once this get aired to the street, the whole land follow. And I'm back like I never left. With flows in the treasure chest, you looking at the very best. Yup, yup, the go to guy is back, the whole world testify to that. Baseheads sell my shit, then they buy it back. Cuz I'm the new desired crack . Up town, down town, get your money, man. The world is in your hands, spend it while you can. Up town, down town.  'em in the duel low lounge, niggas know when I'm around. I keep my poise for the crown, but I bought the toys for the clown. White boy, black round. I do what I wanna do, say what I wanna say. Mad cuz ya'll nigga can't fuck with crazy Dre. Christbearer, come see me like I'm meant to be seen. The mean king of everything, selling niggas dreams. My shrink on the blink, of the king blink ink. What you know about -- fuck, what you think. Christbearer, don't blink, still yelling. Fuck this world, like my shit don't stink. I pop things out of black rangers, I'm the greatest like Mike. Heat flamer, type smack a bitch in the club. If she ain't acting right, have to treat the hoes like Ike did Tina. Po-po's arrested me on a misdeamenor. Six four leaner, chopped up greenary blower. Three for fifty, Sho stopper. Cop popper, Superman in the hood. Banged out, feeling good, chain hanging. Dick swinging, gang banging, money making. Heart breaking, ho taking, talk slick. Move bricks, moms getting devi', but that's I talk shit. Chrome all up in your zone, leave us alone. Deep thoughts lost, the ruler couldn't measure. There's a difference in the weather, get it together. Along came the day, Northstar rules the land. You listening to a man, who walk the rocky road. Words that explode, control the whole planet. Make your creature panic, girlfriends turn fanatic. My mind ain't having it, inhaling all the damages. Leaving bitches stranded, I can't confuse the young. Words from the tongue, getting girls sprung. Meko rock many, you heard that before. Blunt from the skull, deal with hydro. Get the feeling that you feel when you loose off the weed. Northstar rock ya'll niggas, guaranteed. Bitches on my team, and nigga with guillotines. Moving in the full, that super soul supreme     . Uh-uh-uh, what up?. Uh, I'm tryna, what up?. Uh-uh, I'm tryna get something. Uh-uh-uh, I'm tryna, what up?. I say, what up?. Uh-uh, I'm tryna. Sometimes I wanna leave, sometimes I wanna cry. Sometimes I hate to bear the truth, sometimes I wanna lie. Sometimes I wanna school the youth, sometimes I wanna ride. Sometimes I wanna not think, sometimes I wanna vibe. Sometimes I wanna bump Tribe and zone out, this song bout a young boy. that's going wild inside, when my world collide. with your world where your girl and your kids reside. We kill the facades, we feel free to fly. We're birds that reserve in the charismatic sky. I care about my pride too much, if my clothes is new. if my ride is plush, if my hair is cut, if my diamonds is crushed. I look in the mirror, I'm trendy enough? Wrong. Insecurity roams the black community. Homes where kids must have jewelry. The high school female need earrings and details. so she can be cool to be amongst popularity. The various name brands that reach the price scan. that's not about the right price, but more like the right scam. to rule us all, confuse us all. Hit the bank within five minutes and then withdraw. Now let's draw the picture of a rapper with a chain. in a Range that is not paid for. My cousin from the South said he just bought him a house. that lives around his neck like a white collar. So why fast forward? Then I rewind. A time machine can help me double back to slavery times. Picking cotton from a field that a white man own. The blacker you are, farther you from the white man's home. Negro spiritual zones gave us some type of sanity. Before your vanity they parted our families. They put us in hundred-degree shade, and outside we bathed. The more we were afraid, the more they made rules. and trapped our minds in the cage, our freedom was so fake. Couldn't see it with the eyes of Tracee Ross, uh~. And school was exempt, see we couldn't have smarts. and a smirk could get you hurt, wound did from a scar. Four-hundred years of nothing, four-hundred years of suffering. Four-hundred years of tears and tribulation, miseducation. See what we facing is now coming, back to the roots. Remember whips on our back and if we would run they would shoot?. Call us niggers and figured that we'd never lived in pursuit. of happiness, we captured these feelings in things that we do. Thought it's abstinence in slavery, but we made it come to. a modern perspective, my shoe selection gotta be Louie. Her handbag gotta be Gucci, it's fake then she foobie. She still bad though, and her fake Gucci ain't that bad though. We filling up the gas for Rollies. Upgrade to twenty-sixes, out there riding Kobes. My cousin from the South, slavery start in the South and I bet ya. he overcompensates for the life of his ancestors. So blame it on the four-hundred years we never saw. The reason why the next four-hundred we gotta floss. Slaves. Uh, I say the four-hundred years we never had nothing. Barely had clothes on our back. It's the reason why when we get a little bit of change. we over-exaggerate on our living expenses. So if you get your first big check and you cop a chain before you buy a house. You're a vanity slave. If you're a female and you got four, five, six rings on your finger. four holes in your left ear and a nose piercing. You're a vanity slave. If you got an ' Monte Carlo with twenty-fo's on it. and on the back of the window it says "get on my level hoe". You're a vanity slave. We all vanity slaves. and with that being said, can somebody please tell me where the mall at?. I'm not from around here. Hey Ali, where we at? Idaho?. Yeah nigga, you know the first of the month. You know them checks come in. I'm tryna get something, but what up?     . I don't think they really wanna bang . They don't even wanna see the gang . I don't really think you feel me, man. How the Northstar click came through to run things. Yeah, they don't really wanna bang. Red rag, blue rag, sag, on my California gang. Ya'll niggas see the game, but this aim. The devil ain't playing, this is California gang. Northstar came, West Wu-Tang. And scripts like Mark Twain, the Sonny Cane'll reign. They don't even wanna see, the Christbearer G. And jubilee it, in the - weeded. I'm bout fine weed, bomb beats and bad bitches. See on my streets, we bang and hit switches. Riding high speed, car pool on twenty inches. Don't try me, and start fucking with my riches. See we all business, hard lyrics, we hard niggas. Pulling large triggers, have you swimming with the fishes. In these hard street, we deep, and so vicious. In a heart beat, we'll cancel you niggas Christmas. Ship us, West Coast, hard hitters. We rippers, oh, how I love my niggas. This a Kodak moment, and you niggas don't get the picture. Ya'll niggas so wack, we got bitches to get with ya. I'm the Shoshot, or shorty big pot. Little bitty nigga coming with the crip hop. Yeah, the Northstar click. But you can call us Killa Beez, a murderous masogenist. Young nigga wanna bang with me. And see the street life ain't what it claim to be. Young hoes, tell 'em who you came to see. Nickname CB from the NLB. Northstar came through running things. Niggas love to bang, rolling in the cutty, mayne. Fresh off for death, doing 's and shit. Pistol grip, though I'm crazy with it. Yeah, ya'll niggas don't know, you better find out. So you better hurry up, before the time's out. This is how we do it when we let these rhymes out. Northstar's what the world needs to know about. So everybody just bang, bang, bang. And let the NS do they thang, thang, thang. Cuz we the coldest in the game, game, game. Ya'll niggas better use your aim, nigga. Cuz we don't give a fuck, we'll blow it up. Niggas run it up, if you living real rough. The life I live, always been tough. My niggas in the hood, throw it up. Gangsta shit, weed in my grip. Really, that's what I'm with, only get fly bitches. Moving in my whip, chronic, in the swish. Niggas I fuck with, really don't give a shit. Bitches with big tits, love, gangsta dick. Gone, off the crypt, hoes, on the strip. Clocking on my grip, dollars, that's what I need. Water mixed with the weed, Cartel'll love me. Nigga, I stay keyed, gone off the Hennessey. You see, you see. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ya'll don't really wanna bang with Doctor Strange. Yeah, yeah, the young Art Cane, the nine I dame. Yeah, yeah, the black Jack Lo Lane, back again, what     . Who the fuck is this? Pagin me at . in the mornin, crack of dawn an' {dialing phone}. now I'm yawnin - wipe the cold out my eye {ring}. See who's this pagin me - and why. It's my nigga Pop from the barbershop. Told me he was in the gamblin spot, and heard the intricate plot. of niggaz wanna stick me like flypaper neighbor. Slow down love, please chill, drop the caper. There's gonna be a lot of slow singin, and flower bringin. if my burgular alarm starts ringin. Whatcha think all the guns is for?. All purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door. And I feed 'em gunpowder, so they can devour. the criminals, tryin to drop my decimals. Damn Niggaz wanna stick my for my cream. And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem. It's the ones that smoke blunts witcha, see your picture. Now they wanna grab the guns and come and getcha. Betcha Biggie won't slip. I got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip. So I can rip through the ligaments. Put the fuckers in a bad prediciment, where all the foul niggaz went. Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta. Fuck what I'ma hit you with you motherfuckers betta duck. I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains. of his jacket - he had a gun he shoulda packed it. Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket. So I can reload and EXPLODE on ya rasshole. I fuck around and get hardcore. C- to ya door no beef no more nigga. Feel the rough, scandalous. The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous. I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew. What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you?. I'm not gunnin, nigga I bust my gun an'. hold on, I hear somebody comin. I'm only comin to pass the gat. Are we gettin close, huh?. Are you sure this Biggie Smalls crib man?. Ahh fuck - it better be his motherfuckin house. Fuck right here. This better be this motherfucker's house. What, what's wrong?. What red dot?  Oh shit You got a red dot on your head too. {BOTH} Ohh shit {BLAM BLAM}. Yeah y'all know what it is. Shaolin Wolf Pack. Two Four bring it. He's a Warrior. And he's fighting for his land. And he's doing what he can, to bring justice. Because who have we got? It's just us. I switch positions like Jabo switched to pimping. I feel you homey, every night is different women. Discipline 'em, if I'm in 'em, grip it then I'm spitting venom. I grip a pen just like bats for the pennant, oh. I sold blocks sold, they call me Taylor Pro. Fes is the best, LG easy to nail a ho. I'm unavailable for now, son I Taylored you a style. While bail hit you with thou, I was there when you was out. Slow, be careful on the route. The cops right there, you gon' bounce, bounce, bounce. I blow an ounce, fresh air fund account. About one point five, not including the house. Car, Landshark, I barracuda ya spouse. Still walk through the streets when the shooters is out. Play the block when the hooters is out. How I move in a drought, a ki of coke now I'm boosting my clout. It's like moving in the midst of a Labyrinth. Two Four War, mothafucka, be the baddest. Boy, ain't no Huffy toys. Talk slick and ya lip will get puffy, boy. I got rusty toys, but they still get the job done. Shit bulging off my hip, still get to rob one. Two, three, or the whole damn corner. Dice game, nice plane, move in vehicles. I'm from the Hill where the stats say we're goners. Fucking with a bunch of wolves and trying to live longer. I'm fucking with a bunch of wolves in spite of my hunger. I'm fucking with a bunch of wolves and all of 'em gunners. I got the Staten on my back and I'm grimy as Unger. I got the Staten on my back cuz I'm hitting like thunder. I take ya under. Street genius, move smooth, bitches fiend for the penis. Pull a pistol, ya ass is dead, it's real and I main this. Fuck that Niggaz is fed, I'm killing for my plate. Once I'm in, I ain't leaving, I'm cleaning off the slate. You clowns can't hold it, I'm focused, on fire with my shit. My wolves is hungry, might mug you or murder for ya shit. Y'all niggaz is shelled as fucking cop tellers on the low. Y'all be talking to NYPD like nobody know. Many nights would've been dead, my ass would've froze. I was chosen, blessed with the gift to flip hot flows. Two Four travelled the globe, be back before you know it. My crew snatches the mic device, nigga we show it. Jeah uhh it's what I do for a livin nigga. Eat for a livin nigga {watcher}. That's how I live for a livin nigga {watcher}. Okay, let's do this {the watcher}. Things just ain't the same for gangsters. But I'm a little too famous to shoot these pranksters. All of these rap singers claimin they bangers. Doin all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers. Disrespectin the game, no home trainin or manners. I was doin this shit when you was shittin Pampers. I was movin them grams 'fore you, knew what a hand that hand was. Duckin the vans, radars, the scanners. 'Fore you knew what hard white to tame was. I was hittin the turnpike, aight with the bammers. I was nice with my hands, cuss aight with them hammers. I was prickin my finger 'fore you knew what a Fam was. I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was. Three hundred mill' later, now you understand us. Y'all ain't see us comin through Vegas. You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night. Grand fucked up one fight. I was on the Peter Pan bus. You was Peter Pan up in your room, y'all fuckin with whom?. Allow me to retort. You cowards is just now learnin the shit that we taught. You niggaz ain't know about a Robb Report. Bout a high speed Porsche, ie. You niggaz ain't know how to floss 'til I came through the door. like "Eric B for Pres," respect me in this BITCH. You can't disrespect us cause you got a little check cut. You was suckin for so long, fuckin your little neck up. Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches. You think you Hugh Hefner, you just ridiculous. I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game. It's only right I got the right to be king. Niggaz that got life really like what I sing. Cause they know what it's really like, niggaz feel my pain. Know the shit I DON'T write be the illest shit that's ever been recited. in the game word to the hyphen in my NAME. I'm still on top of the game. Still droppin flames, still cock and aim. Still at the top had the Roc for the fame. over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came. You seen it all, how I got, how I gained. The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain. When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim. the streets, they made a special spot for my name. Dre, haters wanna stop to my reign. But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins. The pride and the pain. All the way back from the rise of my name. See the world clear through the eyes of the mane. See the world chear for the rhymes that I gave. When the beat bangs it'll drive them insane. The eyes that I played. The best to emerge in the game is The Watcher. I'm "Rated R," my brain contains graphics thangs. It turn traumatic teens into addicts, and fiends. It's like, watchin a movie through a panoramic screen. Which means, I can see the whole planet in the scene. Cash is the topic, the object, a fatter pocket. Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it. take away the added profit, it's catastrophic. I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it. These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully. The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me. Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny. In the place where the number one cause of death is money. You can try copin. I've seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken. I'm still alive and scopin. Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in. And I'ma die with my eyes open, the watcher {echoes}. People from everywhere gather around . checkin out the sound . that we keep throwing down . we keeps it crunk like this everyday . young weezey what you gotta say . a marical . monicreation . Bow wow on the set with the base in . I need some pleminal . smooth like a criminal . otherwize known as a villan . Becuase I'm ruthless. I'm the best out and I'm killing them . But most i think dont have to deal with me . all yall tell them who you wanna see . Charlie Baltimore, Iceberg Slim. The most shadiest, Frank Baby. We here . We ain't goin nowhere . Uh-uh . Uh-uh, uhh. Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre. rapper style used by me, the BIG. I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein. Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check, check it. My Calico been cocked  this rap Alfred Hitchcock. drop top notch playa hating won't stop . This instant, rappers too persistant. Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste. like ass when you speak it, see me in the street. your jewelry you can keep it, that be our little secret. See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz. Motherfuckers still in my biz. Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids? . Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the  . That's how it is, my shit is laid out . Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out . Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call. All y'all dissapear by tomorrow. All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow. Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this. What's beef?  Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep. Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets. Beef is when I see you. Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time. What's beef?  Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep. Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep. Beef is when I see you. Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it. I done smoked with the best of em  shot at the rest of em . Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of em. Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be. whylin on you just be, stylin on you . When I, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up. Now I cleared them shits with hits you on the fuckin bench . Pardon my French but ahh, sometimes I get kinda. peeved at these, weak MC's  with the. supreme baller like, lyrics I call em like I see em G. Y'all niggaz sound like me . Y'all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me. It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka . Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no tellin what I do to ya . It's obvious the game's new to ya . Take them ends you make . and spend em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with ya. What's beef?  Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep . Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets . Beef is when I see you. Guaranteed to be in ICU  one more time. What's beef?   Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep.  Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep . Beef is when I see you. Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it . There'll be nothin but smooth sailin . When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin . All I got is heat and tough talk for you . Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use . Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya. A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Cristopher. Watch me set it off like Vivica. Here lies your demise, close your eyes . Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten. Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen. It's bad cause I just begun, what make the shit real bad. I was havin fun . What's beef?  Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep.  Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets . Beef is when I see you. Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time . What's beef?  Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep.  Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep . Beef is when I see you . Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through      . She says she love my nature. She don't love me she love my gangsta. She don't love me she love my paper. Caught me creepin with the next door neighbor. It wasn't me . She 'll still love me 'cause love is love, uh. He said he love my body. He don't love me he love my punaany. I'm in love with the things that he buy me. Caught me with the next nigga in the lobby. It wasn't me . He'll still love me 'cause love is love.  Daddy  Daddy. And I still love him even when I'm Maggy. He has me wrapped around his finger. And in my cell phone he got his own ringer. Now sometimes he get heated and I know he don't mean it. But as much as he accused me I should've cheated. And even if he cheated, he wouldn't believe it. 'Cause right after I read it, message will get deleted. And I, know we even but, I don't never see it. When I step on the scene, the groupies gotta beat it. He caught, it's cool but we break up. New bag new shoes and we make up. He buy me diamonds that's my darlin. Guess I really believe that he's sorry. As far as I can see it car for me. How could I not accept his apology? Yeah. She says she love my nature. She don't love me she love my gangsta. She don't love me she love my paper. Caught me creepin with the next door neighbor. It wasn't me . She 'll still love me 'cause love is love, uh. He said he love my body. He don't love me he love my punaany. I'm in love with the things that he buy me. Caught me with the next nigga in the lobby. It wasn't me . He'll still love me 'cause love is love.  Baby  Baby. And once I get it I'm gone I'm Swayze. I do the damn thing and I run. I knew she was a freak 'cause she had an earring in her tongue. Cop a whip I cop rims I'm not those dudes. How you go and buy a suit and don't cop no shoes?. Put the sugar foot inside her stomach. Man I'll have her climbin up the walls like Spider Woman. She could ride through the hood on back of the motorcycle. Sexy she got more things than the bible. Can't tell a woman you love her, are you stupid?. Words don't express your love you gotta prove it. A man give you his trust you can't abuse it. Analyze your choice before you choose it. Ask Snoop Dogg, I let it bang. I got the hardest chick in the game, screamin my name. She says she love my nature. She don't love me she love my gangsta. She don't love me she love my paper. Caught me creepin with the next door neighbor. It wasn't me . She 'll still love me 'cause love is love, uh. He said he love my body. He don't love me he love my punaany. I'm in love with the things that he buy me. Caught me with the next nigga in the lobby. It wasn't me . He'll still love me 'cause love is love   . Yeah, Jedi Mind. Vinnie Pazienza, the Enemy of Mankind. Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell. Horrorcore, yeah, walk with me. I pop a pill and zone, my voice alone 'll fuckin' kill your bones. The AR- beam leave you still as stone. I'm workin' twenty-four-seven while you chill at home. I'm on the block with my people where the killers roam. I'm in a killer zone, where police can trap me. I'm ready to go to war with them like we Iraqi. We in the last days, only darkness passes. No more pure air, only bloody money ashes. Yeah, you need to recognize the God is sick. 'Cause I was born inside of Egypt near the Gaza Strip. Don't make me cock the fifth, and put the flame to him. And thug it out like the Israeli's and Iranian's. Remember when I put the pen to pad. When I heard "Style Wars" by Lakim Shabazz. Then in the lab, everything was constructed with Stoupe. And y'all know that no one fuckin' with us as a group. When All the Light goes out where will you be?. When the darkness comes what will you see?. When All the Light goes out where will you be?. When the darkness comes what will you see?. I'm a cannibal corpse,  snub splatter your thoughts. Peel your skin off of your body like animal cloth. I'm the reason for the Carthage in Hannibal's force. I'm the reason for the carnage in parable's lost. And I'll put the heater right where your lungs at. And none of y'all would be around if I could bring Pun back. You want the horrorcore Vinnie? He brung that. Along with the  militant gun rap. I break bread with the brothers I trust. 'Cause I know that if I'm ever in some trouble, they bust. Could never be us, we too raw for the rap now. Anybody with a tape recorder can rap now. I pull a twelve gauge shotty, you back down. And then the last thing you hear is the gat sound. From the city where they framed Mumia. We gonna break him out, run up with them flames and heaters. When All the Light goes out where will you be?. When the darkness comes what will you see?. When All the Light goes out where will you be?. When the darkness comes what will you see?. Yeah, yeah, I carry heavy fifths, I'm a biological terrorist. If you ain't been in war, then you don't know what terror is. You try to help people but do nothin' like therapists. It's basic rules to the game, cousin, you never snitch. Or you can see the type of lead that my Beretta spits. Or send you through the torture chamber and behead the bitch. Yeah, I'll put your body to the blades and choppers. And teach you about the disruptive symbol of chakra's. If you believe what they tellin' you, the beast and them won. That's why I speak about survival and need for a gun. I stand for what them thugs is reppin'. But they don't know the government is usin' drugs as weapons. And drug injections, was taught by the prophets before. About the cavalry of shadowy profits of war. It's hard of grip, so I spit it at different degrees. But the inner earth holds more water then seas. Who's gonna save you When All the Lights go out. It's time to reconcile, how you gonna go, how you gonna go?. When the Lights go out, When the Lights go out. When the Lights go out, how you gonna go? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh    . When it hurts so bad . When it hurts so bad . Why's it feel so good? . When it hurts so bad . When it hurts so bad . Why's it feel so good? . I loved real, real hard once. But the love wasn't returned. Found out the man I'd die for. He wasn't even concerned. I tried, and I tried, and I tried. to keep him in my life . I cried, and I cried, and I cried. but I couldn't make it right. But I, I loved the young man. And if you ever been in love. then you'd understand. That what you want might make you cry. What you need might pass you by. If you don't catch it . And what you need ironically. will turn out what you want to be. If you just let it . If you just let it . See, I thought this feeling. it was all that I had. But how could this be love. and make me feel so bad? . Gave up my power. I existed for you. But who-ever knew. the voo-doo you'd do. But I, I loved the young man. And if you ever been in love. then you'd understand. What you want might make you cry. What you need might pass you by. If you don't catch it . And what you need ironically. will turn out what you want to be. If you just let it . If you just let it . See what you want might make you cry. What you need might pass you by. get on the microphone and just rip the track. who the hell is Shaq Attack you'd better read the paper. treat me like Biz Markie you'd better catch a vapor. I've got mad props so why would you exploit. punch you in your face like that kid from Detroit. really yo you'd better ask MC Hammer 'bout this bad mama jama . tall kid with the hoopa hypa lipta-gramma. watch out yo it's time for MC bashin'. got more loot than my man Johnny Cash and. I'm hard like a  twice jam. it's the Phife and Shaq mission plus Shaheed's got the goods. making rough daddy jams knocking harder than wood. make ya boogie with the fly armstrong crew. Phife Dawg and Shaq Fu this is how we do. funky renditions there's no competiton. split mc's apart as if their group was New Edition. make mc's hush stop look and listen. it's hard to comprehed so they commence to remincising. far from an amateur microhpone damager. end your whole career beat down your manager. never was a herb kick you to the curb. there's more to my attitude than the city of Johanesburg. styles are mean but this year they're even meaner. carrying chips on my shoulder so call me Sarafina. gaurantee ?? martin pissin' and a fartin'. mess around with this and you'll be on a milk carton. mc's don't like me I say tough titties. blow up the spot like my man from Jersey City. people always askin' 'why is Phife so cocky?'. I gotta be good at something cause I can't play hockey. Get your camera, I stay picture perfect no IG. Who got that green swag Dada nigga, that's me. Heart of a stone, throw up the rock, Jay-Z. You stay around pussy, your whole squad coochie. I stay around G's, my whole squad Gucci. Thuga Thuga, and Dada Stone motherfucker. Nigga never had to red ball me, word to my mother. Uh I spit that fire like I'm propane, nigga call me cocaine. Now I'm in the dope game, use to rock a rope chain. Thuga to the death of me, whole team strike back. Pap already warned y'all, homey you ain't like that. Real recognize real, we don't complain. Niggas slick talk, end it with his slug in his crane. We run down on 'em, gun down on 'em. Play on these niggas from sun up to sun down on 'em. Where I come from, a closed mouth don't get fed. Where I come from, young boys respect old heads. Where I come from, you shut up when you get arrested. And gangstas speak face to face fuck a text message. Where you come from, y'all disrespect OG's. Where you come from, y'all talk to the police. Where you come from, niggas never get it shakin. Y'all be internet killin, iphone bangin. Rap said don't spend it unless you got it in the stash. O said you want it cop it, fuck if it's yo' last  . Pap said, it's yo' turn O, get up in they ass. You got style, charisma, now give 'em some pizzazz  .  on the dash you can't ride like me. I did this my whole life OD OG. I'm a side block nigga, I get respect in the P's. Flyin oas just for me to play on jet ski's. My pops told me put yo' team on everything. Prepare 'em well make sure they ready for everything. I give my word hands down no funny dreams. Whatever come we get it done by any means. In here I feel it I'm just waitin. And money make me nervous my hands shakin. I said yeah I feel it them niggas hatin. But I don't fear niggas my family is Thugacation. Where I come from, a closed mouth don't get fed. Where I come from, young boys respect old heads   . Lemme think back to '. When Boobie had the realest nigga feelin like a bitch. They go for , I was gettin 'em for the . A lil' G', look at me, I was . Born on the side of town where them killers ride around. Pull up on the block with a block, gon tie it down. Pistol in his pants and he stand like "Fuck you". I'm from the other side where we ride like a bus do. Thrity-six O-Z's got me riding Lexus. Chevy at the crib, get the weed shit from Texas. Dade County D-Boy, deals on the yayo. Triple C the mafia, they kill when I say so. Before I wrote a song I controlled the zone. I had to feed myself but bitch I was on my own. Now I push shit bigger than the president. I'm at the white house known as my residence. I'm in the white house , I'm in the white house . I call the shots, I could get yo ass wiped out. We in the white house , we in the white house . Big Fantom on the lawn gettin wiped down. I'm in the white house , I'm in the white house . I got a hundred of them thangs nigga, right now. We in the white house , we in the white house . I got them hoe's gettin on blow right now. I don't fuck with pussy niggaz, took my shit to Jigga man. I went to Manhattan and came home a young millionaire. Money on mind, I'm a trill nigga anyway. I'll slap a pussy ass nigga down for anything. Motherfuck the other side, pussy niggaz bleed pink. Thats my opinion, wanna know what the chopper think?. We loading up them thangs, boy I'm a head busta. Motherfuck the music nigga, where ya real muscle?. I'm in the white house, I'm in the white house. I put a hit on them niggaz they gettin wiped out. They gettin wiped out, and not one at a time. "Car full of dead black males" read the head line. I'm the fruit of the loom, I be flyin in lears. Gimme food and I boom, supplying for years. I'm on top of the world, I'm gettin money. Hundred grand in a day, EASY I'm gettin money. Pull up real slow, I let the haters watch. Out of state plates, they in a state of shock. You niggaz go and fish, I got a plate of shark. You better play your part, you ain't gotta play a part. Got a AK that'll tear ya whole day apart. That stick'll make 'em sit like a Saint Bernard. I'm in the white house, time to close shop. Military wiped out, boy that was thirty blocks. Nigga just came home from jail look how he played me. Kicked my door down took my shit an tied up my ol' lady. Now I'm just kick back broke poverty is still in my head hurtin. Cuz I know this nigga gotta be killed. My good side tellin me let'em slide cuz he aint worth bout my bad side. Tell me to kill'em cuz he deserve no mercy. Follow my bad side and put a feelin through healin. Any motherfucker seekin his business relentless. Thoughts goin through my mind nigga had tried to shine. I would be bout dat iron in this foolishness frame of mind. In the front door actin a donkey wit the . Let a funky snatched the money handle business to momo. Tired of havin nothin wearin my brother's clothes. Many times I got drove by niggas in front of hoes. You know how it be dogg you aint been ballin all your life. You was round dat bitch still dirty stealin bikes. Buildin escape mobile all fixin the grilled cheese. In the store breakin snaps crown derby a key. Whos the motherfucker. I'm the motherfucker. You lil boys runnin wanna do somethin c'mon. I gotta somethin fo' lil bitch ass your potnas and your grandma. Cuz I'm on a killa playa hata type boy you. Dont ask me none of that ??? but I'll take a lil of dat ???. Step and I'll cut your breath short like its bestis. Should've had your mama sayin "lord mama child loved'em". They say I'm losin weight boy whats wrong wit you. I'm hungry and I'm broke now brake me off wit a bone or two. I know a, nigga should be good for that ha?. But all that nigga had tol' is I aint got it right now. Lil bitch you not my round you hoes lay it down. Lemme get dat out your potnas better me than them coppas. Fa sho yo' hoe, tried to crown me on the block. You probably would've got me put dat nine wouldn't stop. A witness scored a bag cuz your boy tried to slam me. Out chip ass sellin whammies busta wont see his family. I let dat nigga slide cuz I been in his shoes too. Like twenty-four-seven breath smellin like beaucoup. Whos the motherfucker. I'm the motherfucker. I'm runnin wit dat gal thats after ??? niggas wit six figgas. To get wit his sign us a ????? wit no repayin. Now I'm in it lay wit'um it violate ten and fuck'em juv. Set up his to conduct an attitude. Look here. How many of you niggas ready to start big tymin. Look here. How many of you niggas wanna be ridin reclinin. Diamonds be shinin sippin on heinkens your mind was in a trans. Probably takin a chance to his baddest police. You kill in the peete and make a million a piece. And we'll got off of the streets in there a house in the east. I know the answer is no so up into my dad. I'm screamin fuck yo' clangin the five doe. Look here. When I was young I didnt hardly know shit. Bigga ballin would get the medocore nigga noticed. So I approach like I was coached refuse in the gun. Gangs could be over come if you silence your tongue. My name went after choosen one threw out the slump. Sense of envy up in these other mennies brains I ????. Whos the motherfucker. I'm the motherfucker. Just an average day in the neighborhood, some bad, some good. The race to see who live another day. Who went get locked up or sprayed, laid in the grave. Now since it's my neighborhood, I'mma call him Jay. Used to bounce around like a bad boy who play. Known as the totting weed smoking, black Jesus don't provoke him. Rest out in the Desert, sometimes hit Medina. Death was on his trail, though you should of seen her. Underneath the covers, they became lovers. Momma saw dreams of a tomb. So she looked around his room, the truth was uncovered. Frustration of a mother; Where'd you get that piece?. You making me scared, stay home tonight. I don't want you out there, but life was a party. Never thought of what he did, or reminisce. On the life that he lived, you better watch your back. Now here comes karma, cuz from here on. Your life's full of drama. Can you hear a cry?. Seeing her son die. Nobody know's why. Tell me, can you hear a cry?. In that same neighborhood, living down the street. Lived a young couple, baby made complete. Poverty to paradise, paradise to poverty. Stick it out together, stand right beside me. No one should test him, quick to get upset and then dead him. Trying to make things better for his girl and his seed. Let's make this cheddar, you follow, I lead. Now things get too hectic, put your boot to the ground. And treck it, but kid jumped out, from having second doubts. Your man is assed out, when the shots rang out. She took a look at her son. But no, not another one, back at the scene again. Cops called a hooligan, must of been a rub. He's just another thug, mark it, case closed. Casket under rose, didn't believe it was true. When the boy broke the news, felt like a dream. Dead on the scene, I won't forget the past. Cuz my son is the aftermath. She said momma don't know why. Your daddy had to die. Nobody know's why. But baby's gonna be alright. Stayed in the streets and cut school. Him and his old E lived on York Avenue, since he was the youngest. The only one there, so full of anger. So full of fear, he had to make some loot. He wanted to escape, his mom was bit by a poisonous snake. The pipe was a guy, she pushed him aside. No here's the deal, his heart's hard of steel. Cuz there's nothing too real when you're taught not to feel. Another motherless child gon' wild, now he's getting riches. Stacking his cash, your moms still hitting and she steals your stash. Walks in the house, crack in the kitchen. Moms doped up and his stash is missing. Could this be a dream, he screams. Ma, you a fiend, but she didn't care. Looking out the window, like nobody's there. Seen the pain in his eyes. Watching his momma die. Nobody's know's why. Nobody's know's why. The moral of the story is. Everything happen's for a reason. You can't ask yourself why. Just learn from it. This the best thing for us, girl. We just gotta let it go, I ain't trying to get you upset though. Just listen, girl, it's nothing you did. You ain't gotta start flipping, throwing stuff in the crib. It is what it is, ma', would you rather me not. tell the truth and wait for people to go blab on the block?. Have our business all out in the street. That's why I came to you, felt you should hear it coming from me. And it's not the way I wanted it to be. But it happened to happen the way that it did, I wanna be free. And I'm saying this just outta respect. You one of the best women I ever met, and I properly regret. Letting you get away, ma', why would you stay?. Girl, ya tears back it hard for what I'm trying to say. Making me realize the wrong that I've done. Thinking I need more than one, hoping I would change, I never saw it come. No more breaking up to make up. No more crying, messing up ya makeup. No more lying to ya face, but . I could already see it in ya eyes that you gave up. Then why would you stay?. Girl, why would you say? . Why would you stay?. What I'm trying to say, is, is. It's like I live an R&B life. It's easy to do wrong, too hard to be right. And I'm trying to be as true as I can. I don't think I can settle down, a dog, probably do it again. See I got issues, even though I miss you when I'm not with you. All you want is a lot that I can't give you. And I feel bad seeing you sad, knowing I'm the reason you mad. You needing to laugh, you deserve it, I ain't saying that I'm perfect. But I'm searching for a person that can change what's in these s. And I'm sorry you and me ain't really working. But I know you really hurting, all the cheating and the flirting. But I'm certain that you better off without me. And it's no love lost, you keep the Jetta and the Audi. If ain't care, I wouldn't try to explain. I'm over here, girl, denying the pain. I ain't proud that I dogged you out. It's foul, but it's nothing more we could talk about. So, I'm walking out, I wish you the best. I don't wanna see you sitting despressed. Stressed out, missing ya ex. Mami, I can't express all the pain that's inside. I look at it like I'm saving our lives, I'm waving goodbye. You too good to sit and put up with my nonsense. The way I'm treating you is eating up my conscience. So I'm being true with myself. Letting you go, it's like I lost a piece of myself. Girl, but I gotta be fair, knowing you don't want a share. I'm cheating, so why would I keep you here?. Wanna get close, so they can kick it how I'm kickin this. hat to the back, pants down low . Gotta keep it G-H-E-T-T-O, huh. Uh, I been with Destiny, Jessica, Madonna. I'm at the tippy top, and I ain't never going under.  shot nail it, now every body spell it. Ya chain might be thick, but mines is more thicker. might know how to run but I'm a whole lot quicker. Got so many ways to you, it's a shame to me. And ain't none of yall out that can hang with B. Young, old, I don't care what you is. The name of your label, or the place you live. You betta recognize a real dyme when you see one. Sippin on a shirly, hollerin at your girly. One full pocket stay fatty. And I take it to the house so much they call me young Trick Daddy. And that's how it is when you dealing with a dog. I might lick you in your face, or bite your head off. After death I'm the under boss ain't no secret. Got everything lock and that's how we gonna keep it. Bandaned up, braided, still actin a fool. Ha, still the hottest thing in high school, I'm the. I came through the door blazin. Hotter than them California raisins. Back in them dayz when they was a lick. My money play is to hit you with the down and out. Look around everybody tryna go my route. And I don't drop no duds, I only drop burners. The game is mine, and I don't even gotta learn it. Can't drive but I can keep a party live. Both folks say I remind them of the Jackson . Cause I only make hits. While yall make record. I'm the deli as the homie with the full blown package. Cant leave your girl around me. Cuz I'm a true playa for real ask my homie JD. Lyrical wizardry dances on MC's like Murray on SC's. Never flaunt, now motherfuckers come test me. Burnin everybody hotter than torches at Jamaican parties. Far from angels, niggas can't see me like Charlie. Style weak? Hardly. Don't let the wacked persue you like Marley. JM clique moves in packs like whities on Harleys. Niggas get injured, fucked do' in  fingers. Got bitches by bike bar bussin Glocks off a' niggas. Klep don't give three shits to flip scripts. Miss bullets from clips, leave niggas rollin up skateboards. wit nuttin under they hips, bitch, so if you test me. shit gets messy, bustin  speci. outta paper bags like Joe Pesci. Yo, you know the tune. Make sure bitches don't eat when it's time to shit out them coke balloons. Balked up the ninja when it got shady, now I got grown ladies. bustin 's outta E Class Mercedes. MC's get cut like glass, cut like glass. Rag tagged and crash, hemp bags, come save dat ass. Who wanna get broke the fuck up? Tell me. Freakin vocabulary like Chinese and spelling bees. T-P-E-L-K held to reflect a device-es. The nicest, Jesus Christ-es. Junior Mafioso, niggas get torn off head to torso. Bullets evacuated out windows. From Hekkyl and Coch, P inmates. Extra  on a string 'round my neck cos feds check the waist. No time to waste, grab the loot and escape before next break. Heads are clockin, private eyes are watchin. Nigga caught up in the hustle. Fuck flippin packages and tyin up, minx and rings I bubble. Trouble's what I look for in stores on expensive floors. Beeling boots is essence, bookin Pelle's in my drawers. Armani, Gianni Versace, V. lost count o' all the little sections me and mans ran thru. It ain't hard to discard cans of mace on guards. leave them bitch ass niggas screamin like a fuckin retard. Lyrically I come off like ink alarms. Got styles under the wing like spread is booked under my arms. Niggas couldn't see me with closed circuit TV. Fuck you Soundin like that nigga from Night Court. Loose my cuffs I'm outta here. MC's be fake like toupes so I transplant. Implant my fist to their face makin their skin red. Soundwaves disrupted, they fucked, kid. Airholes bloody rupted but that ain't nuttin. The best is yet to come. MC's get strung like heads on drums. They don't be knowin what I'm knowin. Flowin like I'm flowin. Makin motherfuckers take nose dives like  Boeings. Obnoxious beef's squashes face-to-face. Niggas get wet up like Alasha's on Klep's place. Thru the hard time sayin prayers committin crimes. Sick minds don't care, rockin parties from front to rear. Brains engulfed by ferocious ???. runnin up on Big wit Lex wit nappies doused with chloroforms. Livin in a world where you do what you must. If preachers be robbin niggas who the fuck can you trust?. Yeah  this is the best part of the trip. Hold on to something, hold on to something. We about to take the road less travelled. You ain't gotta go home, but you can't stay here. Let's go. I get lonelier each time. You go away I lose my mind. I lay awake til you come and make things right . I get lonelier each time you go away . So baby won't you stay with me tonight? . Check it out. There's this lady I'm in love with . Living inside this woman unknown. But she's scared to let it show. I know it sound like some bug shit . It's just she come with. Hang-ups and. Insecurities they gotta go. She always nervous around me. But see this lady inside. She's ready to be my baby tonight. And ever since this lady found me. This woman think I'm dangerous. And ain't ready to put her safety aside. I try to tell her that I got her back. And no matter where we at. In our lives. I'll treat her like she my girl. I asked her "What's wrong with dat?" . She like "It just ain't right. There's so many more women and men in the world". I have to admit the girl got a point . Maybe my ambition's made to make me want something I just can't have. So now it's time for me to blow this joint. I still know I'm in love. I just stay focused. And true to my path. Word. I get lonelier each time. You go away I lose my mind. I lay awake til you come and make things right . I get lonelier each time you go away . So baby won't you stay with me tonight? . I got to get away. Ladies you ever felt growing away. By your man. Asking "Baby, won't you stay?". He chilling with his crew. He should be building with you. He got you feeling the blues. Cause the children to glue. He willing to do. Whatever it takes. To save 'em. From a fate he can't see when he misbehaving. Brave men don't let they ladies. Raise they children theyself. You're so busy trying to save 'em. That you you're killing yourself. With the. Stress and strife. And the fights and the advice. From the ladies of the night. Who can't run they own life. Up in your air. Nothing is fair. Why do you care?. Why do you always take it there?. The crying, the tears. You ain't prepared for the jewels. That I'm trying to share. Flying there. Dying inside. Hot in the fear. The writing is clear. On the wall. For you to read the sign. Ayo the fine is the way we design. To be fine. You can tell when people wanna spend they life together. Despite the weather. They treat each other like a treasure. Can't fight forever. You got to give it up. I ain't got a lot of time. We got to live it up. I make my music like I make my love. People use it like they take they drugs. In the morning. When they waking up. This music got me out late but. I holla at you when I'm done. Don't stay up. Will love play with us?. It sting like paper cuts. Doused in alcohol. But if it's real. They ain't no greater rush. I got faith in us. It's only you who really know me. I be surrounded by people. And still feel lonely. So baby won't you stay . Baby won't you stay? . Baby won't you stay with me tonight?      . The temperature got tempers flaring people sweat when the weather hot. They argue and they fret a lot then set up the plot. To whet up the block. Wheter or not the blood is red up in the gutter. Music is my bread and butter. I got a show in Brooklyn cause the ghetto love us. Pulled up in Mtulu's truck I'm suited up I'm cool as fuck. security tripping on my baseball hat promoter knew what's up. Plus Chaps had on some denim shorts and white tee shirt and. I told the bouncer they being disrespectful cuz like you we working. I ain't a custy or a patron and trust me no one would be paying. To come in this crusty ass club if I wasn't playing. He's like "I'll put you the fuck out". And when you put your word like that its like third strike black you struck out. His man tried to rush me from behind Chaps stuck out a size nine. Seen him trip face first into the line. Cats is cowards with no spine and they power tripping too. The next level is the violence so what y'all niggaz wanna. Work it out. We should try to work it out. People lie, people cry, people die to work it out . Read the book, pray to god. Look inside to work it out. We should try to work it out. Yo what y'all ladies wanna do. Work it out. To get fly she work it out. People lie, people cry, people die to work it out. Read the book, pray to god. Look inside to work it out. Show the love. Lose the hate. Work it out. Work it out. Peolpe placed in situations they cant take and what they facing. Is the trials and tribulations to make them say the lords forsaken them. Their loved ones intervening but they always blaming them. For problems they don't realize what they part is in creating them. Like men who so insecure think they women cheating on them. And women who think the proof that they man love them is they beating on them. Keep sleeping on them soon they partner creeping on them. Committing crimes of passion they in caskets mother weeping on them. With her head in her hands. There's only one thing that the dead understand that it's better to be alive. Now what you gonna do stick your head in the sand. You probably the type to fall for anything and take that instead of a stand. Now that's a mouse instead of a man. I cherish my role as the head of my fam. And on the road I meet incredible fans. I rock with singers an a DJ instead of a band we at a theatre near you. So what y'all niggaz wanna do. Stay civilized when they try to kill my high I try to think through problems. Bring honesty to rap like Cam'ron brought the pink to Harlem. You could be on the brink to stardom and suddenly you sink to bottom. Tell the truth about the war and suddenly you linked Saddam. Hate the topic but the closet people get to patriotic. Is red bull white vodka mixed with the straight hypnotic. Paper prophets sell the revolution so they make a profit. Trust they got it fucked up with your taxes started making rockets. Take it off the top like politicians speaking proper diction. Stuffing dollars in they britches like they do a lotta stripping. Got the top position bitching about the quality of life. All that bullshit get exposed as soon as Kweli sees the mic. They cutting down the tree of life the sun rays is running out. The babies ain't eating right so the guns keep coming out. See how they play the streets an night slap the taste out your mouth. To show you what they work about. So what y'all niggaz want to do. Slap me Daft, we sat down in the back of the class. To seize knowledge we don't need, I forgot my late pass. But I'm early to a arival beatbox, you got raps?. Meet me on the football field, don't sleep on field, the quarterback. No one clapped when we locked in, it was removal of our class. But my flag got captured and I fell between the cracks. My tool for inspiration turned into a handicap. No matter how I tried, I just couldn't fill the gaps. Those whipper snappers, they got trapped old chap. They lost the way, they never had the right map. Needed a sneak attack to slap the demons off my back. So I packed for the schddle dreamed big I wouldn't settle. Put the pedal to the metal and returned to fundamentals. I'll never forget running through the hall with all y'all rebels. Roaming through the Highland, young bucks invincible. Echoes in my brain, if kids report to the principal. Substance dulls the mind. Traife wine clouds the heart. You can't sew a stitch with one hand. While you're taking it apart. Bright lights might look nice. But they sure won't make you sharp. You can't sew a stitch with one hand. While you're taking it apart. Yeah, misty morning and my mom's a mess. To make matters worse dog my pops is stressed. Life is a test, make the grade or catch an F. Now death is all that's left to ponder. I wander off hoping to catch my breath. And hold it, mold my memories from untold scripts. And roll up in a tornado twist, now I'm certain. There's a pertinent reason I'm on this earth. Seasons change in White Plains, but we remain alert. When new school years appear, fools fear for a failure. And crawl away in tears. I play Popeye the Sailor and stay with spinach. We walk the halls with a grimace, yeah they gossip in groups. I try to mind my business and tell the truth. For instance, I listen, see it all with basketball court vision. Ignoring ignorance in fields of fiction. We lean back in the calmest position. And embrace the honesty found within our tension. What's good?. Trapped in the elevator of your mind. Is it real, what will you find behind the door. Your imaginations put you in a bind. Around you there's a cloud of gloom. Swallow the key, lock yourself in a room. Can't see outside of your Uni. No more war, there won't be anymore hunger. No jealousy, not even competition. Let go, release, you hold the keys. Time we evaporate into the breeze. We are nothing, we are something. Let go, release, you hold the keys. It's time we evaporate into the breeze. We are nothing, we'll be something. Welcome to the desert of my soul     . I could talk bitches out of they jeans. Gold diggers out of they cream. Little wannabe rap motherfuckers out of they dreams. I'm slick, I could talk a hustler out of his fiends. I rap so hot, the water in my spit becomes steam. I'm like a pound of uncut coke when hittin' the scene. Y'all are powder particles that trickled off the triple beam. Stop trippin', little chicken, I ain't payin', I'm pimpin'. If ya waitin' for trickin' then you should date a magician. Wake up and listen, and keep this in the back of your mind. My thoughts are heavy, the weight alone could fracture your spine. Cats swear to God they high, hearin' Apathy's rhymes. And hold a torch up to trees like the back of a dime. These little backpack faggots probably jacked my lines. But like divorce with no prenup, half of it's mine. Y'all are just bitches . While Ap's on a mission to make green like clorophyll. My team drops bread like chicks on health kicks. Ya squad could rock Bird throwbacks and couldn't "sell ticks". I melt shit with the words I spit. Steven King, disturbed and sick. You know Shay's killin' rappers that be speakin' on their dealin' coke days. Only birds you ever flipped was due to road rage. Only gray you ever pushed was due to old age. Bomb grower? Nah dude, the only weed you ever moved was with lawn mowers. You ain't traffickin' shit. No package in the back of the whip. No gats, no clips, why you rockin' that watch still?. Only archeologists check for iced-out Fossils. Is this a vintage affair? Them Jordans isn't that rare. Plus they so dingy they resemble my original pair. Servin' AotP? That'd be a head trip. Like a Cali-bred Crip rockin' Cincinnatti Reds shit. Y'all tryin' to put a crease in the cards. Everybody want a piece of the gods. I spit spontaneously, insane on a beat. Gigantic with the rap, I throw a flame in the street. Nothin' less than a professor manifestin' the heat. So hot, I don't even bring a piece when I beef. Rappers shot, make your casket drop. Pass the block, and get your ass beat down, we laugh and watch. And it's funny how we throw a rubber band on a knot. Smack you in the face with it and let you have it to shop. And the reason that you bleedin', you disrespected a demon. Cryin' like little bitches or newborns that's teething. We urban gorillas workin' with killers. Bow and arrows from the Pharaohs, dog you heard what the deal is. We the realest and you feel us 'cause you probably been through it. Suicidal rap, nigga, cut your skin to it. And shit don't matter if you die or live through it. We beat you 'till you piss bluish, hit you with sick fluid. I never aim to please, get cut quick, gone with the breeze. And post up, sparkin' my trees. Like it never happened, the captain of fly rappin'. Attackin' with war tactics and write it down in fine graphics. Cause havoc, my "mobb's deep," gun butt, you now sleep. Your funeral be in a week, I dare you to creep. Pack ridiculous heat from sweepin' the streets. The tech nine to your meat, chopper bringin' defeat. To any one who oppose these assholes' murderous flows. I'm standin' here close from breakin' your nose. The life that you chose is nothin', why keep runnin'?. Shoot, I'm gunnin', my motherfuckin' cold deeds is headhuntin'. Frontin' is a waste of time, you get money and shine. On your grind, it's all in your mind. 'Cause I've never seen you holdin' a spot, callin' a shot. Pops scorchin' your flesh, you bleedin' to death. Heed these words or meet this bird, Desert. Bangin' at your heartless herbs, heartless herbs, nigga. Killa Mac created it, that boy Dini, he dangerous. Over precussion, my penmanship perfect. While scribing poetry, fakes listen and learn it. Wanna, master my craft, boy, watch and observe 'em. One things for sure, fuck that, it's two things for certain. I'ma keep dropping hot shit, and that thing when I'm lurking. Yo, shorty, you real? Take that, go 'head, put that twerk in. All my shit come back, in the pot, soon as I put my work in. Made sales on the darkest blocks,  D's fiending to nab 'em. And these clowns pushing my buttons like they want me to clap 'em, damn. Yo, I wright it on spot, I spill it, they feel it. After that, boy, streets labelled Dini the illest. Yo, I wright it on spot, I spill it, they feel it. After that, boy, streets labelled Dini the illest. The streets cooking, hope all my thugs escape booking. A boy snatched with no trace, no space for the sen. Lucky thug got his face blown off, not even looking. Decisions, ensuing, from which I emerged. Fes hit me on the horn, said it's time to go in. "You gotta hurt 'em", I said "Taylor, Taylor, I promise I never fail ya". I create magic from music, he killing it, yo you hear him?. Yeah, the kid like a uncontrolled car, ain't no steering 'em. The streets made me, I pray to streets in my grave, G. That's why I back up and clap 'em, crabs that act shady. Cuz I'm young, wicked and black, don't hate on me, baby. Get ya shit twisted off crazy in the streets trying to play me. Yo, don't make me step on ya set, waving a nina. Before I leave, I swear I'd fuck shit up like Hurricane Katrina. My flow mastered, everything I'm touching is tragic. I teared ya down, come on, try and fuck with me, bastard. The streets is my home, the studio, I zone. I cripple a cop, monster when I stomp. One of the greatest, blasted when I first laid this. You sit and you plot, hoping niggaz see it's fake. That's why I know I'm only here by amazing grace. When the fiends blow my crack it's an amazing taste. That's why my shit always move at an amazing pace. The ghetto is mine, gutter since nine. I'm still in my prime, boy, you seeing me shine. Yup, yeah, yeah, let's do it. Yo, let's do it, Two , Lon Dini. Who did think they could fuck around?. Let's do it, boy, y'all fucking cowards ain't ready. Yeah, Taylor, I got you, don't even worry. Two , we moving on, nigga, nahImean?. March of the wooden, nahmean?. Pa Ba', LI, KJ, we here, nigga. Last of the fucking Mohicans, you know?. Dini here too, boy. Still repping, dropped the hot shit. That's it, boy, signing off. Official like a ref with a whistle    . She was on her way to becoming a college graduate. Wouldn't even stop to talk to the average kid. The type of latina I'd sit and contemplate marriage with. Fuck the horse and carriage shit, her love was never for hire. Disciplined, intellectual beauty's what I desire. Flyer than Salma Hayek or Jennifer Lopez. Everyone told me, kickin' it to her was hopeless. At first I just thought, she didn't mess with broke kids. The thug niggaz always talking about, how they smoke kids. But the rich-sniff-coke kids got no play. "I'm not even interested" is what her body language would say. Everyone around the way, gave up trying to get in it. It didn't matter how good your game was, she wasn't with it. On the block, bitches was jealous, but wouldn't admit it. Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it. 'Cause they regreted the long list of niggaz that they let hit it. And no one ever gave them shit except McDonald's and did-dick. Smoking weed with thoughts of envy, whenever they lit it. She spoke intelligently and they bit it, always trying to copy. But when they tried to use her vocab, they sounded sloppy. She had a style, all her own, respectful and pure. I was sick in the head for her, and there wasn't a cure. Don't you know that, time waits for no man. Not fate, it's all planned. I'm blessed just to know you. To be loved and to love, just to hold you all night. Can't find, a reason why. God came, to you and I. If I had the chance again, I'd never let you go. Hold tight to your love, 'cause you never know. Her eyes are brown and beautiful, yet empty and sad. I used to talk to her occasionally, and she was glad. That I wasn't just another nigga trying to get in it. So every now and then we'd stop and talk for a minute. I didn't have a gimmick so the minutes turned to hours. On her birthday, I gave her a poem with flowers. Then I took her out to dinner after her cousin's baby shower. We talked about, power to the people and such. We spent more time together but it was never enough. I never tried to sneak a touch, or even cop a feel. I was too interested, in keeping it real. Perfectly honest and complete, she would always call me "carino,". And never Technique, bought me a new book to read every  or  weeks. Forever changing the expression of my thoughts when I speak. It was because of her, I even deaded all of my freaks. She convinced me, to stop hangin' out on the streets. To stop robbin' and stealin', from people like you. Instead I took her out to the Apollo and the Bronxu. We sailed in Barrio  and the Metropolitan too. Got to the point when I was either with her or my crew. So I decided one day, to tell her my feelings was true. I couldn't live without her so I told her, facing my fears. But honey's only response, was a face full of tears. She could only sob hysterically, holding me tight. I tried to speak, but she wouldn't stop until I left sight. I felt like a moth who got himself too close to the light. Except I didn't burn, I turned cold after that night. I went on with my life, college and my career. Ended up locked up like an animal for a year. Where the CO's talk to you like they were the oer. Then I got sent to the hole, when my exit was near. At night in my cell, I'd close my eyes and I'd see her. Hold her close in my dreams, but when I woke she disappeared. Just an empty cell until the state gave me parole in the summer. came back, in tact and on track. But the fact of the matter, is I still felt cold. Even after my mother, hugged me, cryin' at home. My real niggaz would catch me thinkin', out of my zone. Fuckin' lots of different women, but I still felt alone. Relatively well-known around the New York underground. But I kept thinking of her and how we used to be down. The sound of her voice, and the beautiful smell of her hair. Though gone physically, somehow it was still there. I had to do something, because the shit was too much to bear. So I went and visited the building where she used to live. The world looks a lot different after you do a bid. The way your life done changed. While primitive minds  still stuck in the same game. Like her cousin who was on the corner slangin' cocaine. Stepped in the lobby and tapped the button next to her last name. Her mom buzzed me up and hugged me up, like a mother oughta. But her facial expression changed, when I asked about her daughter. She told me that there was a note for me, that was left behind. She had left it there waiting, for such a long time. I was inclined to ask about it but she brought it up first. I saw a tear swelling up in her eye, and then she cursed. She told me where the letter was and I started thinking the worst. Red my position, stepped over and opened the door. And sure enough there was an envelope with my name on the floor. "Nobody loves you more than me carino" is what the letter said. "By the time you get to read this, I'll probably be dead. But when you left in ' a part of me went to Heaven. I thank God at least I got to know what love really was. But it hurt me, to see what true love really does. 'Cause even though we never made love, you were all that there was. It was because I loved you so much that I had to make you leave. You made me doubt the way I thought, you made me want to believe. And then I slipped up, and I let you get close to me. It was hard to not be openly when people spoke to me. This was not the way I thought my life was supposed to be. Baby don't you see, I had a blood transfusion that left me with HIV. Hoped the end exists for me since late in . I died a virgin, I wish I could've given myself to you. I cried in the hospital because there was no one else but you. Promise that you'll meet me in paradise inevitably. No matter what, I'll keep your love forever with me". What happened for the rest of the day is still a blur. But I remember wishing that I was dead, instead of her. She was buried on August rd. The story ends without a sequel. And now you know why Technique, don't fucking fall in love with people. Hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you. The one you love, not the person that'll simply have sex with you. Appreciate them to the fullest extent, and then beyond. 'Cause you never really know what you got, until it's gone.
